BC: He attempted to commit suicide by consuming pesticide.
AC: He attempted to commit suicide by consuming pesticide .

BC: The price of gold has fallen further since then.
AC: The price of gold has fallen further since then .

BC: SP president Akhilesh Yadav accused the BJP governments of 'persecuting' the farmers.
AC: SP president Akhilesh Yadav accused the BJP governments of ' persecuting ' the farmers .

BC: Those killed comprised of two women and seven men.
AC: Those killed comprised of two women and seven men .

BC: How to update Aadhaar address online?
AC: How to update Aadhaar address online ?

BC: Engage in social activities with your family and friends.
AC: Engage in social activities with your family and friends .

BC: Besides Tamil, Hindi, and Telugu, the movie will be released in many other languages too.
AC: Besides Tamil , Hindi , and Telugu , the movie will be released in many other languages too .

BC: Whats the objection?
AC: Whats the objection ?

BC: Sexually transmitted HPV is divided into 2 categories: low-risk and high-risk.
AC: Sexually transmitted HPV is divided into 2 categories : low-risk and high-risk .

BC: So far 12 dead bodies have been recovered from the site.
AC: So far 12 dead bodies have been recovered from the site .

BC: However, Rs.
AC: However , Rs.

BC: Menominee County is the only county in the eastern United States with a Native American majority.
AC: Menominee County is the only county in the eastern United States with a Native American majority .

BC: The truth about this will surely come out in the days to come.
AC: The truth about this will surely come out in the days to come .

BC: Problems in the future?
AC: Problems in the future ?

BC: Cast: Nithiin, Samantha, Nadiya, Naresh, Rao Ramesh, Anupama Parameshwaran and Srinivas Reddy
AC: Cast : Nithiin , Samantha , Nadiya , Naresh , Rao Ramesh , Anupama Parameshwaran and Srinivas Reddy

BC: 1150 crores.
AC: 1150 crores .

BC: A 25 - year - old member of the Bethel family in Estonia states: I enjoy the feeling of being among Jehovahs friends all the time.
AC: A 25 - year - old member of the Bethel family in Estonia states : I enjoy the feeling of being among Jehovahs friends all the time .

BC: They will have to face the consequences, he said.
AC: They will have to face the consequences , he said .

BC: I assured Prime Minister Wickremesinghe of continuing commitment to our development partnership - in infrastructure, railways, energy, community development projects, agriculture, capacity building, science and technology, space and civil nuclear field.
AC: I assured Prime Minister Wickremesinghe of continuing commitment to our development partnership - in infrastructure , railways , energy , community development projects , agriculture , capacity building , science and technology , space and civil nuclear field .

BC: Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif were in a relationship for a significant amount of time, reportedly.
AC: Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif were in a relationship for a significant amount of time , reportedly .

BC: The film is set for release on March 30, 2018
AC: The film is set for release on March 30 , 2018

BC: """Extremely heavy rain occurred at isolated places and very heavy rain occurred at a few places in the district of Nizamabad and heavy rain occurred at isolated places in the districts of Adilabad, J Bhupalpally, Jagtial, Kumaram Bheem, Kamareddy, Nirmal, Mancherial and Rangareddy of Telangana,"" it said"
AC: " " " Extremely heavy rain occurred at isolated places and very heavy rain occurred at a few places in the district of Nizamabad and heavy rain occurred at isolated places in the districts of Adilabad , J Bhupalpally , Jagtial , Kumaram Bheem , Kamareddy , Nirmal , Mancherial and Rangareddy of Telangana , " " it said "

BC: The Chandigarh Police on Wednesday arrested Haryana Bharatiya Janata Party chief Subhash Barala's son, Vikas Barala and his friend Ashish Kumar over charges of kidnapping and stalking an IAS officer's daughter
AC: The Chandigarh Police on Wednesday arrested Haryana Bharatiya Janata Party chief Subhash Barala 's son , Vikas Barala and his friend Ashish Kumar over charges of kidnapping and stalking an IAS officer 's daughter

BC: He was bought for Rs 7.2 crores.
AC: He was bought for Rs 7.2 crores .

BC: India, compared to other countries in terms of government spending has the lowest health expenditure.
AC: India , compared to other countries in terms of government spending has the lowest health expenditure .

BC: Trust in Jehovah with all your heart and do not lean upon your own understanding, the writer of Proverbs advises us, in all your ways take notice of him, and he himself will make your paths straight.
AC: Trust in Jehovah with all your heart and do not lean upon your own understanding , the writer of Proverbs advises us , in all your ways take notice of him , and he himself will make your paths straight .

BC: The accident was attributed to short circuit.
AC: The accident was attributed to short circuit .

BC: Premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD)
AC: Premenstrual dysphoric disorder ( PMDD )

BC: She wore a golden colour bracelet.
AC: She wore a golden colour bracelet .

BC: - Her character has very good importance in the film.
AC: - Her character has very good importance in the film .

BC: The diastolic pressure value denotes the pressure in the arteries between heart beats.
AC: The diastolic pressure value denotes the pressure in the arteries between heart beats .

BC: Roughly chop them.
AC: Roughly chop them .

BC: In addition, setting up of IIT and IIM in Jammu would also provide better opportunities for higher education to the youth
AC: In addition , setting up of IIT and IIM in Jammu would also provide better opportunities for higher education to the youth

BC: The decision was given by a bench which included justices Arun Mishra and Navin Sinha.
AC: The decision was given by a bench which included justices Arun Mishra and Navin Sinha .

BC: """Do I pine for my partner?"
AC: " " " Do I pine for my partner ? "

BC: Land aggregated: 2,500 acres
AC: Land aggregated : 2,500 acres

BC: After completing his second term as President, Chen Shui-bian was charged with corruption and money laundering.
AC: After completing his second term as President , Chen Shui-bian was charged with corruption and money laundering .

BC: Times up.
AC: Times up .

BC: The summer has begun.
AC: The summer has begun .

BC: This is likely to bring a revenue of approximately Rs 12 Lakhs.
AC: This is likely to bring a revenue of approximately Rs 12 Lakhs .

BC: Indian billionaire business magnate and RIL Chairman, Managing Director Mukesh Ambani have met with AP Chief Minister YS Jagan Mohan Reddy
AC: Indian billionaire business magnate and RIL Chairman , Managing Director Mukesh Ambani have met with AP Chief Minister YS Jagan Mohan Reddy

BC: Rs 32 crores.
AC: Rs 32 crores .

BC: Make three such layers.
AC: Make three such layers .

BC: Bajireddy made it clear that the 16 YSRCP MLAs had resigned to protest against the attitude of Congress party on the bifurcation of state.
AC: Bajireddy made it clear that the 16 YSRCP MLAs had resigned to protest against the attitude of Congress party on the bifurcation of state .

BC: NPS is a government-sponsored pension scheme.
AC: NPS is a government-sponsored pension scheme .

BC: However, these reports didn't put the rumours to rest.
AC: However , these reports didn 't put the rumours to rest .

BC: On second day...
AC: On second day ...

BC: The Mughal emperors married local royalty and allied themselves with local maharajas.
AC: The Mughal emperors married local royalty and allied themselves with local maharajas .

BC: Amaravati: YSRCongress Rajya Sabha MP Vijayasai Reddy lambasted Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu over the Twitter.
AC: Amaravati : YSRCongress Rajya Sabha MP Vijayasai Reddy lambasted Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu over the Twitter .

BC: After Kurnool and Guntur districts, the number of corona positive cases are increasing in Krishna district.
AC: After Kurnool and Guntur districts , the number of corona positive cases are increasing in Krishna district .

BC: Human life is precious.
AC: Human life is precious .

BC: Friendships can be of many kinds.
AC: Friendships can be of many kinds .

BC: This type of goiter is easily preventable.
AC: This type of goiter is easily preventable .

BC: 50 crore.
AC: 50 crore .

BC: And bring your youngest brother unto me: then shall I know that ye are no spies, but that ye are true men: so will I deliver you your brother, and ye shall traffick in the land.
AC: And bring your youngest brother unto me : then shall I know that ye are no spies , but that ye are true men : so will I deliver you your brother , and ye shall traffick in the land .

BC: Special teams have been formed to arrest the other accused.
AC: Special teams have been formed to arrest the other accused .

BC: Otherwise, the fiscal situation can worsen.
AC: Otherwise , the fiscal situation can worsen .

BC: Balakrishna is portraying the role of his father NTR in the movie.
AC: Balakrishna is portraying the role of his father NTR in the movie .

BC: This option will connect to the Kolab server using a plaintext password.
AC: This option will connect to the Kolab server using a plaintext password .

BC: Many bridges have been built.
AC: Many bridges have been built .

BC: We believe in democracy and legal process.
AC: We believe in democracy and legal process .

BC: The decision to this effect was taken at a cabinet meeting chaired by Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath.
AC: The decision to this effect was taken at a cabinet meeting chaired by Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath .

BC: However, this film never took off.
AC: However , this film never took off .

BC: He is a very nice person.
AC: He is a very nice person .

BC: Still, there's been criticism.
AC: Still , there 's been criticism .

BC: Hundreds died.
AC: Hundreds died .

BC: Available on Flipkart at Rs 999.
AC: Available on Flipkart at Rs 999 .

BC: Three civilians were killed.
AC: Three civilians were killed .

BC: Give advice.
AC: Give advice .

BC: There is no response from the government yet.
AC: There is no response from the government yet .

BC: Improves your vision.
AC: Improves your vision .

BC: But, the film is completely different.
AC: But , the film is completely different .

BC: What really is the problem?
AC: What really is the problem ?

BC: Manmadhudu 2 is directed by Rahul Ravindran.
AC: Manmadhudu 2 is directed by Rahul Ravindran .

BC: Jehovah thus helped you to be aware of just how much he loves mankind.
AC: Jehovah thus helped you to be aware of just how much he loves mankind .

BC: Foods rich in vitamin E include nuts and seeds,egg yolk and wheat germ.
AC: Foods rich in vitamin E include nuts and seeds , egg yolk and wheat germ .

BC: Professor in a Pvt University.
AC: Professor in a Pvt University .

BC: The situation in West Bengal is still grave.
AC: The situation in West Bengal is still grave .

BC: Senior party leaders and officials were present on the occasion.
AC: Senior party leaders and officials were present on the occasion .

BC: What do you think about these photos?
AC: What do you think about these photos ?

BC: Since then...
AC: Since then ...

BC: Doing action for films isnt easy.
AC: Doing action for films isnt easy .

BC: The TRS is opposed to both Congress and Telugu Desam Party in Telangana.
AC: The TRS is opposed to both Congress and Telugu Desam Party in Telangana .

BC: It is not an end of it.
AC: It is not an end of it .

BC: Prithvi Shaw has scored a century each on his Ranji Trophy debut, Duleep Trophy debut as well as Test debut
AC: Prithvi Shaw has scored a century each on his Ranji Trophy debut , Duleep Trophy debut as well as Test debut

BC: All things, therefore, that you want men to do to you, you also must likewise do to them. Matthew 7: 12.
AC: All things , therefore , that you want men to do to you , you also must likewise do to them . Matthew 7 : 12 .

BC: How Wow!
AC: How Wow !

BC: An ambulance was called and she was shifted to a hospital.
AC: An ambulance was called and she was shifted to a hospital .

BC: You will be fine.
AC: You will be fine .

BC: But the film hasnt lived up to the expectations.
AC: But the film hasnt lived up to the expectations .

BC: He said that the security of women has been given topmost priority in the state.
AC: He said that the security of women has been given topmost priority in the state .

BC: Lets sample these incidents.
AC: Lets sample these incidents .

BC: But he didnt budge.
AC: But he didnt budge .

BC: He rose quickly to a high position in politics.
AC: He rose quickly to a high position in politics .

BC: Police have not registered case as no complaint has been received.
AC: Police have not registered case as no complaint has been received .

BC: Union Minister Nitin Gadkari spoke at the rally:
AC: Union Minister Nitin Gadkari spoke at the rally :

BC: 50 crore, Rs.
AC: 50 crore , Rs.

BC: They all belonged to lower middle class families.
AC: They all belonged to lower middle class families .

BC: Police rushed to the scene and arrested the attackers.
AC: Police rushed to the scene and arrested the attackers .

BC: It is holiday season.
AC: It is holiday season .

BC: She had also shared a photo with her mom and brother.
AC: She had also shared a photo with her mom and brother .

BC: What are the problems?
AC: What are the problems ?

BC: By courageously pressing on in the Kingdom - preaching work despite the limitations of advancing years, older Christians are following in the footsteps of the faithful Israelite Caleb, who accompanied Moses in the wilderness for four decades.
AC: By courageously pressing on in the Kingdom - preaching work despite the limitations of advancing years , older Christians are following in the footsteps of the faithful Israelite Caleb , who accompanied Moses in the wilderness for four decades .

BC: Nobody could defeat him.
AC: Nobody could defeat him .

BC: A case of assault was registered.
AC: A case of assault was registered .

BC: He died there.
AC: He died there .

BC: Hello and welcome to this course design practice module 9 we would be talking about the concurrent engineering philosophy and how to understand this in real practice.
AC: Hello and welcome to this course design practice module 9 we would be talking about the concurrent engineering philosophy and how to understand this in real practice .

BC: The film has six songs composed by music director Ravindra Jain.
AC: The film has six songs composed by music director Ravindra Jain .

BC: In a large bowl, toss together tomatoes, avocados, corn, olives, onion and green chillies.
AC: In a large bowl , toss together tomatoes , avocados , corn , olives , onion and green chillies .

BC: A total of 100 Multiple Choice Questions will be there.
AC: A total of 100 Multiple Choice Questions will be there .

BC: However, identity of the slain was not known.
AC: However , identity of the slain was not known .

BC: """Congratulations to Nitish Kumar Ji on taking oath as Bihar's CM"
AC: " " " Congratulations to Nitish Kumar Ji on taking oath as Bihar 's CM "

BC: "When he saw them, he said to them, ""Go and show yourselves to the priests."" It happened that as they went, they were cleansed."
AC: " When he saw them , he said to them , " " Go and show yourselves to the priests . " " It happened that as they went , they were cleansed . "

BC: The arrests were made after the forensic experts exhumed the mortal remains of the victim from their graves and conducted the postmortem.
AC: The arrests were made after the forensic experts exhumed the mortal remains of the victim from their graves and conducted the postmortem .

BC: """I think Cape Town will be India's best chance"
AC: " " " I think Cape Town will be India 's best chance "

BC: Everybody is united.
AC: Everybody is united .

BC: He couldnt say no.
AC: He couldnt say no .

BC: 500 crores.
AC: 500 crores .

BC: Whats inside it?
AC: Whats inside it ?

BC: They shared the happy news with their fans on social media.
AC: They shared the happy news with their fans on social media .

BC: He said talks are the only way to resolve issues between Pakistan and India.
AC: He said talks are the only way to resolve issues between Pakistan and India .

BC: Hundreds of families were marooned as flood water gushed in their villages.
AC: Hundreds of families were marooned as flood water gushed in their villages .

BC: Abraham and Sarah, Isaac and Rebekah, Elkanah and Hannah all expressed their love for their mate.
AC: Abraham and Sarah , Isaac and Rebekah , Elkanah and Hannah all expressed their love for their mate .

BC: The police have detained the workers.
AC: The police have detained the workers .

BC: There is one other point.
AC: There is one other point .

BC: A case has also been registered against him.
AC: A case has also been registered against him .

BC: However, it was a commercial hit.
AC: However , it was a commercial hit .

BC: India is a federal republic.
AC: India is a federal republic .

BC: """Im sorry if this makes anybody feel bad!"
AC: " " " Im sorry if this makes anybody feel bad ! "

BC: State highways connect different cities of a state.
AC: State highways connect different cities of a state .

BC: However, this man continued to stalk her.
AC: However , this man continued to stalk her .

BC: But the returns never came.
AC: But the returns never came .

BC: Later, Barnabas wanted to take Mark with them on another trip.
AC: Later , Barnabas wanted to take Mark with them on another trip .

BC: The incident took place in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh.
AC: The incident took place in Bhopal , Madhya Pradesh .

BC: This is home.
AC: This is home .

BC: Very few do.
AC: Very few do .

BC: But that must be wisely done.
AC: But that must be wisely done .

BC: Thats how I came to India first.
AC: Thats how I came to India first .

BC: In the video...
AC: In the video ...

BC: (Venkatesh) is an honest police inspector.
AC: ( Venkatesh ) is an honest police inspector .

BC: This is not an embarrassment.
AC: This is not an embarrassment .

BC: It has to be seen.
AC: It has to be seen .

BC: Safeguarding Our Christian Identity, 2 / 15
AC: Safeguarding Our Christian Identity , 2 / 15

BC: """In Telangana, he says that state division came into being because of his letter supporting Telangana"
AC: " " " In Telangana , he says that state division came into being because of his letter supporting Telangana "

BC: Data usage is also on the rise.
AC: Data usage is also on the rise .

BC: All of us have needs and desires.
AC: All of us have needs and desires .

BC: He wished them luck for a tough fight put up by them against the dreaded Virus.
AC: He wished them luck for a tough fight put up by them against the dreaded Virus .

BC: The film is racing towards $2.5 million mark at the American box office.
AC: The film is racing towards $ 2.5 million mark at the American box office .

BC: So far 13 ministers of Maharashtra have tested positive for coronavirus.
AC: So far 13 ministers of Maharashtra have tested positive for coronavirus .

BC: Rs 25 lakh.
AC: Rs 25 lakh .

BC: Thats it sir.
AC: Thats it sir .

BC: Super cool!
AC: Super cool !

BC: He alleged that the BJP was not allowing Rahul Gandhi to speak in Parliament as it feared him.
AC: He alleged that the BJP was not allowing Rahul Gandhi to speak in Parliament as it feared him .

BC: The team will be led by Virat Kohli.
AC: The team will be led by Virat Kohli .

BC: What and all is happening in the world?
AC: What and all is happening in the world ?

BC: The uprising lasted until mid-August, when it was suppressed by a counter-offensive of 67,000 Italian troops brought in from Albania.
AC: The uprising lasted until mid-August , when it was suppressed by a counter-offensive of 67,000 Italian troops brought in from Albania .

BC: Schools and colleges were shut.
AC: Schools and colleges were shut .

BC: 223 crore.
AC: 223 crore .

BC: He isn't well read.
AC: He isn 't well read .

BC: Its not 100%.
AC: Its not 100 % .

BC: Who is the author?
AC: Who is the author ?

BC: The ban would cover the production, use, storage, sale, distribution, import and transportation of plastic, the minister informed the House.
AC: The ban would cover the production , use , storage , sale , distribution , import and transportation of plastic , the minister informed the House .

BC: How should the government of India respond to this challenge?
AC: How should the government of India respond to this challenge ?

BC: But what about laptops?
AC: But what about laptops ?

BC: Then I will accept it.
AC: Then I will accept it .

BC: However, the details were not disclosed.
AC: However , the details were not disclosed .

BC: Whats the real story?
AC: Whats the real story ?

BC: A little too much!
AC: A little too much !

BC: Says Amos 2: 12: You kept giving the Nazirites wine to drink, and upon the prophets you laid a command, saying: You must not prophesy.
AC: Says Amos 2 : 12 : You kept giving the Nazirites wine to drink , and upon the prophets you laid a command , saying : You must not prophesy .

BC: A peace conference to settle the dispute was held later in the year in Berlin.
AC: A peace conference to settle the dispute was held later in the year in Berlin .

BC: Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad, Bangalore, and Ahmedabad
AC: Delhi , Mumbai , Kolkata , Chennai , Hyderabad , Bangalore , and Ahmedabad

BC: Government should not have taken such a step.
AC: Government should not have taken such a step .

BC: He accused the government of trying to conceal facts.
AC: He accused the government of trying to conceal facts .

BC: Satish Vegesna is the director of the movie.
AC: Satish Vegesna is the director of the movie .

BC: Following are the steps for registration of Legal Heir:
AC: Following are the steps for registration of Legal Heir :

BC: He reveled in this role.
AC: He reveled in this role .

BC: Telangana is the only state which is supplying power to farmers round the clock free of cost.
AC: Telangana is the only state which is supplying power to farmers round the clock free of cost .

BC: No one collaborates.
AC: No one collaborates .

BC: The funds were being misutilised,he claimed.
AC: The funds were being misutilised , he claimed .

BC: Egypt will play in Group A along with hosts Russia, Saudi Arabia and Uruguay.
AC: Egypt will play in Group A along with hosts Russia , Saudi Arabia and Uruguay .

BC: He was severely critical of the state government.
AC: He was severely critical of the state government .

BC: The Bible says: For the wages sin pays is death, but the gift God gives is everlasting life by Christ Jesus our Lord. Romans 6: 23.
AC: The Bible says : For the wages sin pays is death , but the gift God gives is everlasting life by Christ Jesus our Lord . Romans 6 : 23 .

BC: Further, though 37% deaths are reported from people below 60 years, approximately, 86% of deaths amongst people with co-morbidities indicate that young people with co-morbidities are also at high risk of COVID-19
AC: Further , though 37 % deaths are reported from people below 60 years , approximately , 86 % of deaths amongst people with co-morbidities indicate that young people with co-morbidities are also at high risk of COVID-19

BC: Everyone is trying to achieve more.
AC: Everyone is trying to achieve more .

BC: Earlier, dry run was held successfully in Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, Punjab and Assam.
AC: Earlier , dry run was held successfully in Andhra Pradesh , Gujarat , Punjab and Assam .

BC: Contrary to their dire predictions, ten months after finishing school, I got a job as a teacher.
AC: Contrary to their dire predictions , ten months after finishing school , I got a job as a teacher .

BC: Is it good, bad or ugly?
AC: Is it good , bad or ugly ?

BC: We will take strict action against those responsible.
AC: We will take strict action against those responsible .

BC: Total number of migrants who tested positive is 810, with 508 of them active and 28 discharged in the last 24 hours, while 126 of the 131 cases from abroad remain active with one discharge today.
AC: Total number of migrants who tested positive is 810 , with 508 of them active and 28 discharged in the last 24 hours , while 126 of the 131 cases from abroad remain active with one discharge today .

BC: The shoot is over and the post-production works have started.
AC: The shoot is over and the post-production works have started .

BC: The water of the rivers Krishna and Godavari flow into the Bay of Bengal.
AC: The water of the rivers Krishna and Godavari flow into the Bay of Bengal .

BC: What a contrast to the Bible prophecy: They will not lift up sword, nation against nation, neither will they learn war anymore ! Micah 4: 3.
AC: What a contrast to the Bible prophecy : They will not lift up sword , nation against nation , neither will they learn war anymore ! Micah 4 : 3 .

BC: It was not for those in power.
AC: It was not for those in power .

BC: 20 brave Indian Army soldiers were martyred in the clash with the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA).
AC: 20 brave Indian Army soldiers were martyred in the clash with the Chinese People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) .

BC: Why do people steal?
AC: Why do people steal ?

BC: India is another.
AC: India is another .

BC: Superstar Mahesh Babu's Bharat Ane Nenu is one of the most anticipated films of the year
AC: Superstar Mahesh Babu 's Bharat Ane Nenu is one of the most anticipated films of the year

BC: Seven people have died so far.
AC: Seven people have died so far .

BC: This program...
AC: This program ...

BC: As floods are receding, sand is available.
AC: As floods are receding , sand is available .

BC: There are four periods:
AC: There are four periods :

BC: He was so impressed by the clear, Bible - based direction given in the magazine that he told Lila that they were going to join the religion of The Golden Age.
AC: He was so impressed by the clear , Bible - based direction given in the magazine that he told Lila that they were going to join the religion of The Golden Age .

BC: 05 crore.
AC: 05 crore .

BC: But the Centre did not take any action in this regard.
AC: But the Centre did not take any action in this regard .

BC: It is Takeshii's destiny to have nothing but bad luck.
AC: It is Takeshii 's destiny to have nothing but bad luck .

BC: The court in its judgement has given various directions to the state government.
AC: The court in its judgement has given various directions to the state government .

BC: It is Russia.
AC: It is Russia .

BC: State Government is also providing them every possible facility.
AC: State Government is also providing them every possible facility .

BC: Deliver my soul, O LORD, from lying lips, and from a deceitful tongue.
AC: Deliver my soul , O LORD , from lying lips , and from a deceitful tongue .

BC: And thats the point.
AC: And thats the point .

BC: Andhra Pradesh is one such state.
AC: Andhra Pradesh is one such state .

BC: It registered an increase of 11 per cent.
AC: It registered an increase of 11 per cent .

BC: I made an appearance in the film.
AC: I made an appearance in the film .

BC: The movie will hit theatres on the occasion of Independence Day on August 15.
AC: The movie will hit theatres on the occasion of Independence Day on August 15 .

BC: As a result, parents did not tend to leave it up to their children to decide.
AC: As a result , parents did not tend to leave it up to their children to decide .

BC: The film is scheduled to be released in Telugu, Hindi and Tamil and is a big budget film.
AC: The film is scheduled to be released in Telugu , Hindi and Tamil and is a big budget film .

BC: 89 crore, Rs.
AC: 89 crore , Rs.

BC: The petrol engine is capable of delivering 117bhp of power and 145Nm of torque, while the diesel motor produces 99bhp of power and 200Nm of torque
AC: The petrol engine is capable of delivering 117bhp of power and 145Nm of torque , while the diesel motor produces 99bhp of power and 200Nm of torque

BC: 5 crore.
AC: 5 crore .

BC: """For this is like the waters of Noah to me. for as I have sworn that the waters of Noah shall no more go over the earth, so have I sworn that I will not be angry with you, nor rebuke you."
AC: " " " For this is like the waters of Noah to me. for as I have sworn that the waters of Noah shall no more go over the earth , so have I sworn that I will not be angry with you , nor rebuke you . "

BC: Time and again Pakistani cricketer Babar Azam has been compared with Indian cricket team captain Virat Kohli.
AC: Time and again Pakistani cricketer Babar Azam has been compared with Indian cricket team captain Virat Kohli .

BC: Postponing will not help.
AC: Postponing will not help .

BC: "South Garo Hills SP Abraham T Sangma said, ""We have received the complaint from one person who was allegedly beaten up by the MlA himself for questioning him."""
AC: " South Garo Hills SP Abraham T Sangma said , " " We have received the complaint from one person who was allegedly beaten up by the MlA himself for questioning him . " " "

BC: Sajid Khan.
AC: Sajid Khan .

BC: (Thanks be to God), which signaled that the occupant was now awake.
AC: ( Thanks be to God ) , which signaled that the occupant was now awake .

BC: The app is compatible with both Android as well as iOS platforms.
AC: The app is compatible with both Android as well as iOS platforms .

BC: There are many stars in the Kannada film industry.
AC: There are many stars in the Kannada film industry .

BC: There are students from all over the country here.
AC: There are students from all over the country here .

BC: 550 crores.
AC: 550 crores .

BC: And the latest?
AC: And the latest ?

BC: TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu.
AC: TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu .

BC: Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA)
AC: Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs ( CCEA )

BC: Coronavirus cases are on the rise in Telangana.
AC: Coronavirus cases are on the rise in Telangana .

BC: 82 crores.
AC: 82 crores .

BC: [Nepal earthquake: Mount Everest shrinks by an inch]
AC: [ Nepal earthquake : Mount Everest shrinks by an inch ]

BC: Is the film happening?
AC: Is the film happening ?

BC: The movie starring Vijay Devarakonda and Rashmika Mandanna has become a big hit at the box office.
AC: The movie starring Vijay Devarakonda and Rashmika Mandanna has become a big hit at the box office .

BC: Whats so different about them?
AC: Whats so different about them ?

BC: What a difference Jasprit Bumrah has made.
AC: What a difference Jasprit Bumrah has made .

BC: Bianca Andreescu defeated Belinda Bencic to reach US Open women's singles final.
AC: Bianca Andreescu defeated Belinda Bencic to reach US Open women 's singles final .

BC: Rinse it off with cold water.
AC: Rinse it off with cold water .

BC: The rest simply washes off.
AC: The rest simply washes off .

BC: Bollywood actors Shraddha Kapoor, Neil Nitin Mukesh and Jackie Shroff will appear in key roles.
AC: Bollywood actors Shraddha Kapoor , Neil Nitin Mukesh and Jackie Shroff will appear in key roles .

BC: Police said a probe is underway to ascertain the full details of the incident.
AC: Police said a probe is underway to ascertain the full details of the incident .

BC: The film's teaser and trailer are already out.
AC: The film 's teaser and trailer are already out .

BC: National security must transcend narrow political considerations, the statement said.
AC: National security must transcend narrow political considerations , the statement said .

BC: Bollywood celebrities too are in awe of this movie.
AC: Bollywood celebrities too are in awe of this movie .

BC: revenue foregone is more than Rs 6 lakh crore.
AC: revenue foregone is more than Rs 6 lakh crore .

BC: He has been released on station bail.
AC: He has been released on station bail .

BC: However, the law does not allow fantasy sports in a few Indian states like Assam, Odisha and Telangana and Andhra Pradesh.
AC: However , the law does not allow fantasy sports in a few Indian states like Assam , Odisha and Telangana and Andhra Pradesh .

BC: Parents are the first teachers for their kids.
AC: Parents are the first teachers for their kids .

BC: Choutuppal is a census town in Yadadri Bhuvanagiri district of the Indian state of Telangana.
AC: Choutuppal is a census town in Yadadri Bhuvanagiri district of the Indian state of Telangana .

BC: This news is not true.
AC: This news is not true .

BC: In the clashes three civilians were killed.
AC: In the clashes three civilians were killed .

BC: New Delhi, June 09: Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Tuesday tested for the coronavirus infection on Tuesday, a day after he developed a mild fever and sore throat
AC: New Delhi , June 09 : Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Tuesday tested for the coronavirus infection on Tuesday , a day after he developed a mild fever and sore throat

BC: It was inaugurated by the Minister.
AC: It was inaugurated by the Minister .

BC: Chennai: The heavy rain clouds may have moved away from Chennai and the deluge now steadily and surely receding but there is a new cloud of criticism looming over the government's insufficient response during the recent floods
AC: Chennai : The heavy rain clouds may have moved away from Chennai and the deluge now steadily and surely receding but there is a new cloud of criticism looming over the government 's insufficient response during the recent floods

BC: The blast took place at Seela Ceramic Factory in Bahri area of Khartoum.
AC: The blast took place at Seela Ceramic Factory in Bahri area of Khartoum .

BC: As part of this, Rs.
AC: As part of this , Rs.

BC: Three to four people from each institute are continuously working on the whole genome sequencing.
AC: Three to four people from each institute are continuously working on the whole genome sequencing .

BC: They were involved in internecine warfare seeking regional supremacy.
AC: They were involved in internecine warfare seeking regional supremacy .

BC: That is interesting too.
AC: That is interesting too .

BC: Why are they?
AC: Why are they ?

BC: The film has passed the censored test and received U/A certificate.
AC: The film has passed the censored test and received U / A certificate .

BC: The driver was injured in the accident.
AC: The driver was injured in the accident .

BC: It also has a microSD card slot, a mini HDMI port and a tiny focus wheel.
AC: It also has a microSD card slot , a mini HDMI port and a tiny focus wheel .

BC: 6 crores for the film.
AC: 6 crores for the film .

BC: That gave me confidence.
AC: That gave me confidence .

BC: The body was handed over to the family members after conducting a post-mortem at a government hospital.
AC: The body was handed over to the family members after conducting a post-mortem at a government hospital .

BC: India won the match by 8 wickets.
AC: India won the match by 8 wickets .

BC: The first ODI was washed out due to rain.
AC: The first ODI was washed out due to rain .

BC: Breaking rules?
AC: Breaking rules ?

BC: The video was posted by the Royal Challengers Bangalore on their official Twitter handle.
AC: The video was posted by the Royal Challengers Bangalore on their official Twitter handle .

BC: In the past, Rs.
AC: In the past , Rs.

BC: But that was not his only loss.
AC: But that was not his only loss .

BC: Kamal plays a double action in film.
AC: Kamal plays a double action in film .

BC: The Vedas also say that.
AC: The Vedas also say that .

BC: No one on board survived.
AC: No one on board survived .

BC: He fully relied on Jehovah, saying: Our eyes are toward you. 2 Chron.
AC: He fully relied on Jehovah , saying : Our eyes are toward you . 2 Chron .

BC: It happened many times in the past.
AC: It happened many times in the past .

BC: Modi said his Government is working for the empowerment and development of women in the country.
AC: Modi said his Government is working for the empowerment and development of women in the country .

BC: In India, generally a murder case is committed to trial months or even years after the murder.
AC: In India , generally a murder case is committed to trial months or even years after the murder .

BC: RLP candidate Hanuman Beniwal, who has the support of the BJP.
AC: RLP candidate Hanuman Beniwal , who has the support of the BJP .

BC: But quite a few do.
AC: But quite a few do .

BC: This has resulted in lakhs of people losing their jobs.
AC: This has resulted in lakhs of people losing their jobs .

BC: In the movie Arjun Reddy.
AC: In the movie Arjun Reddy .

BC: the central government has said.
AC: the central government has said .

BC: The phone will be available in Black, Blue, and Rose Gold colour.
AC: The phone will be available in Black , Blue , and Rose Gold colour .

BC: However, this was denied by BJP leaders.
AC: However , this was denied by BJP leaders .

BC: Shortly after Jesus was baptized, angels came and began to minister to him.
AC: Shortly after Jesus was baptized , angels came and began to minister to him .

BC: There is global consensus on the need to address climate change.
AC: There is global consensus on the need to address climate change .

BC: This has been the pattern in the past too.
AC: This has been the pattern in the past too .

BC: His salary became into lakhs from 1972.
AC: His salary became into lakhs from 1972 .

BC: Its difficult after you hit 30.
AC: Its difficult after you hit 30 .

BC: As a rule, however, the seasonal differences referred to are fairly constant.
AC: As a rule , however , the seasonal differences referred to are fairly constant .

BC: The police have arrested both in connection with the case.
AC: The police have arrested both in connection with the case .

BC: It can also be seasonal.
AC: It can also be seasonal .

BC: The fatwa has prohibited muslim men and women from worshipping any other god than Allah.
AC: The fatwa has prohibited muslim men and women from worshipping any other god than Allah .

BC: Pleasantly surprised.
AC: Pleasantly surprised .

BC: The trust of many children has been further betrayed by incest and other horrific acts of child abuse.
AC: The trust of many children has been further betrayed by incest and other horrific acts of child abuse .

BC: But he told no one.
AC: But he told no one .

BC: Dont be late.
AC: Dont be late .

BC: Later he worked in many other newspapers.
AC: Later he worked in many other newspapers .

BC: The district Collector and SP rushed to the spot and took stock of the situation.
AC: The district Collector and SP rushed to the spot and took stock of the situation .

BC: The abundance of relatively unpolluted surface water and numerous underground water sources of high quality might present opportunities for exportation and economic improvement.
AC: The abundance of relatively unpolluted surface water and numerous underground water sources of high quality might present opportunities for exportation and economic improvement .

BC: Here there is one more twist.
AC: Here there is one more twist .

BC: Sajid Khan steps down as Housefull 4 director after accusations of alleged sexual harassment.
AC: Sajid Khan steps down as Housefull 4 director after accusations of alleged sexual harassment .

BC: She did not agree to this.
AC: She did not agree to this .

BC: She calls up five others.
AC: She calls up five others .

BC: The police immediately nabbed the criminals.
AC: The police immediately nabbed the criminals .

BC: However, the BJP is yet to react to the same.
AC: However , the BJP is yet to react to the same .

BC: Ultimately nothing has been done.
AC: Ultimately nothing has been done .

BC: However, it was cancelled due to rain.
AC: However , it was cancelled due to rain .

BC: After a few days, this decreases.
AC: After a few days , this decreases .

BC: Former Pakistan pacer Shoaib Akhtar is often in limelight for his comments on India and Indian cricket.
AC: Former Pakistan pacer Shoaib Akhtar is often in limelight for his comments on India and Indian cricket .

BC: Relations between the two countries have worsened.
AC: Relations between the two countries have worsened .

BC: Where is this temple?
AC: Where is this temple ?

BC: But many have mistaken ideas about them and their origin. For example, some religious people think that when a loved one dies, that person is called to join God and becomes an angel.
AC: But many have mistaken ideas about them and their origin . For example , some religious people think that when a loved one dies , that person is called to join God and becomes an angel .

BC: 25 crore.
AC: 25 crore .

BC: 30 lakh, he said.
AC: 30 lakh , he said .

BC: Some of your investigators may be working in that kind of a situation for the first time.
AC: Some of your investigators may be working in that kind of a situation for the first time .

BC: Doctors try their best to save a patients life.
AC: Doctors try their best to save a patients life .

BC: Jana Sena chief Pawan Kalyan once again landed himself in controversy.
AC: Jana Sena chief Pawan Kalyan once again landed himself in controversy .

BC: And I raised up of your sons for prophets, and of your young men for Nazarites. Is it not even thus, O ye children of Israel? saith the LORD.
AC: And I raised up of your sons for prophets , and of your young men for Nazarites . Is it not even thus , O ye children of Israel ? saith the LORD .

BC: When Zebul the ruler of the city heard the words of Gaal the son of Ebed, his anger was kindled.
AC: When Zebul the ruler of the city heard the words of Gaal the son of Ebed , his anger was kindled .

BC: Its so simple, so basic.
AC: Its so simple , so basic .

BC: Both have been arrested and remanded in police custody.
AC: Both have been arrested and remanded in police custody .

BC: The forthcoming movie is currently in post-production.
AC: The forthcoming movie is currently in post-production .

BC: 5 crores.
AC: 5 crores .

BC: Well played.
AC: Well played .

BC: Five killed as wall collapses following heavy rain in Pune.
AC: Five killed as wall collapses following heavy rain in Pune .

BC: So I decided to drop my name.
AC: So I decided to drop my name .

BC: Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) MLA and TRS chief K Chandrasekhara Rao's son KT Rama Rao spit venom on Chief Minister Kiran Kumar Reddy terming him as a stump person.
AC: Telangana Rashtra Samithi ( TRS ) MLA and TRS chief K Chandrasekhara Rao 's son KT Rama Rao spit venom on Chief Minister Kiran Kumar Reddy terming him as a stump person .

BC: No dates have been taken.
AC: No dates have been taken .

BC: No time was spent together.
AC: No time was spent together .

BC: However, the police was investigating the case.
AC: However , the police was investigating the case .

BC: Mumbai: Former Indian captain Kapil Dev has resigned from his post as chief of BCCIs Cricket Advisory Committee (CAC).
AC: Mumbai : Former Indian captain Kapil Dev has resigned from his post as chief of BCCIs Cricket Advisory Committee ( CAC ) .

BC: No such decision has been taken.
AC: No such decision has been taken .

BC: Theres no dearth of money in her life.
AC: Theres no dearth of money in her life .

BC: Saina is a biographical sports drama based on the life of Badminton player Saina Nehwal.
AC: Saina is a biographical sports drama based on the life of Badminton player Saina Nehwal .

BC: Trailer of the film was release recently.
AC: Trailer of the film was release recently .

BC: Lets come together!
AC: Lets come together !

BC: Varalakshmi Sarath Kumar, the daughter of prominent Tamil actor Sarathkumar is all set to enter Tollywood very soon
AC: Varalakshmi Sarath Kumar , the daughter of prominent Tamil actor Sarathkumar is all set to enter Tollywood very soon

BC: Piperales is an order of flowering plants.
AC: Piperales is an order of flowering plants .

BC: '118' movie is directed by By Guhan K.V.
AC: '118 ' movie is directed by By Guhan K.V.

BC: This leads to weight gain.
AC: This leads to weight gain .

BC: But life is not the same anymore.
AC: But life is not the same anymore .

BC: He earned more than 20 military awards for his service.
AC: He earned more than 20 military awards for his service .

BC: But the leopard had already killed the calf.
AC: But the leopard had already killed the calf .

BC: The police are looking at the CCTV footage.
AC: The police are looking at the CCTV footage .

BC: But its prohibited.
AC: But its prohibited .

BC: Weeds do enormous damage to the wheat, rice, groundnut and soyabean crops.
AC: Weeds do enormous damage to the wheat , rice , groundnut and soyabean crops .

BC: That means...
AC: That means ...

BC: Heres a suggestion.
AC: Heres a suggestion .

BC: In August 2017, she married M Srinivas of Old Guntur town
AC: In August 2017 , she married M Srinivas of Old Guntur town

BC: And the LORD shall sever between the cattle of Israel and the cattle of Egypt: and there shall nothing die of all that is the children's of Israel.
AC: And the LORD shall sever between the cattle of Israel and the cattle of Egypt : and there shall nothing die of all that is the children 's of Israel .

BC: He wears a duffel coat unbuttoned and with the hood up, a pale shirt and trousers, and some old scruffy boots.
AC: He wears a duffel coat unbuttoned and with the hood up , a pale shirt and trousers , and some old scruffy boots .

BC: Fans are eagerly awaiting her return.
AC: Fans are eagerly awaiting her return .

BC: Yet, how much could David know about the glorious splendor of Jehovah, since God is a Spirit and is therefore invisible to human eyes? John 1: 18. 4: 24. 17, 18.
AC: Yet , how much could David know about the glorious splendor of Jehovah , since God is a Spirit and is therefore invisible to human eyes ? John 1 : 18 . 4 : 24 . 17 , 18 .

BC: Now we have a situation when the impeller exit, there is the extreme limit, in the extreme limit when C2u equal to 2U there is no static pressure, it has a very high content of kinetic energy.
AC: Now we have a situation when the impeller exit , there is the extreme limit , in the extreme limit when C2u equal to 2U there is no static pressure , it has a very high content of kinetic energy .

BC: I didnt think so.
AC: I didnt think so .

BC: I know a lot about him.
AC: I know a lot about him .

BC: For details: World Bank provides 400 million to enhance support for rejuvenating the Ganga The World Bank and the Government of India today signed a loan agreement to enhance support for the NamamiGangeprogramme that seeks to rejuvenate the Ganga river.
AC: For details : World Bank provides 400 million to enhance support for rejuvenating the Ganga The World Bank and the Government of India today signed a loan agreement to enhance support for the NamamiGangeprogramme that seeks to rejuvenate the Ganga river .

BC: Do you drink packaged water?
AC: Do you drink packaged water ?

BC: It does not suit the prime minister to make such comments.
AC: It does not suit the prime minister to make such comments .

BC: They exist in different shapes and sizes.
AC: They exist in different shapes and sizes .

BC: And what will be the price?
AC: And what will be the price ?

BC: He was appointed honorary Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1945.
AC: He was appointed honorary Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1945 .

BC: The expectations are sky-high in this film.
AC: The expectations are sky-high in this film .

BC: She informed the police.
AC: She informed the police .

BC: And of the last sons of Adonikam, whose names are these, Eliphelet, Jeiel, and Shemaiah, and with them threescore males.
AC: And of the last sons of Adonikam , whose names are these , Eliphelet , Jeiel , and Shemaiah , and with them threescore males .

BC: Bollywood actor Akshay Kumar has portrayed an antagonist in 2.0.
AC: Bollywood actor Akshay Kumar has portrayed an antagonist in 2.0 .

BC: "Everyone knows why this is being done."""
AC: " Everyone knows why this is being done . " " "

BC: The accident took place at two oclock in the afternoon.
AC: The accident took place at two oclock in the afternoon .

BC: It was no longer required.
AC: It was no longer required .

BC: Its almost constant.
AC: Its almost constant .

BC: He went further.
AC: He went further .

BC: Nobody spoke.
AC: Nobody spoke .

BC: Till date, it has raised about $3 million.
AC: Till date , it has raised about $ 3 million .

BC: So the answer is yes.
AC: So the answer is yes .

BC: This practice ought to go on.
AC: This practice ought to go on .

BC: Doctors had said her condition was critical.
AC: Doctors had said her condition was critical .

BC: They need to be eliminated.
AC: They need to be eliminated .

BC: BJP man places Rs 11 lakh bounty on Mamata Banerjee's head, BJP disowns it
AC: BJP man places Rs 11 lakh bounty on Mamata Banerjee 's head , BJP disowns it

BC: For some time, a number of clerical dissenters had denounced the churchs corrupt practices and abuses.
AC: For some time , a number of clerical dissenters had denounced the churchs corrupt practices and abuses .

BC: The CBI conducted a raid at my office and home.
AC: The CBI conducted a raid at my office and home .

BC: Yet they are never lost.
AC: Yet they are never lost .

BC: New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has categorically ruled out a single tax rate under the Goods and Services Tax (GST), saying that a Mercedes car and milk cannot be taxed at the same rate.
AC: New Delhi : Prime Minister Narendra Modi has categorically ruled out a single tax rate under the Goods and Services Tax ( GST ) , saying that a Mercedes car and milk cannot be taxed at the same rate .

BC: Director: Sanjay Leela Bhansali
AC: Director : Sanjay Leela Bhansali

BC: The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Odisha on the special festival of Raja Parba.
AC: The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Odisha on the special festival of Raja Parba .

BC: Whose house are they staying in?
AC: Whose house are they staying in ?

BC: Union Finance Minister Nirmala Sitaraman presented the budget in the Parliament.
AC: Union Finance Minister Nirmala Sitaraman presented the budget in the Parliament .

BC: """What are you reading?"
AC: " " " What are you reading ? "

BC: Rahul Gandhi may get married soon: Reports
AC: Rahul Gandhi may get married soon : Reports

BC: Krishna: A road accident took place on Nawabpet National Highway in the Penuganchiprolu Mandal of the district.
AC: Krishna : A road accident took place on Nawabpet National Highway in the Penuganchiprolu Mandal of the district .

BC: Is it new?
AC: Is it new ?

BC: Both of them are currently under treatment at a government hospital.
AC: Both of them are currently under treatment at a government hospital .

BC: It is our responsibility to conserve natural resources.
AC: It is our responsibility to conserve natural resources .

BC: The situation in the Congress is disruptive.
AC: The situation in the Congress is disruptive .

BC: They were accompanied by police and CRPF jawans.
AC: They were accompanied by police and CRPF jawans .

BC: Trailer of the film was release recently.
AC: Trailer of the film was release recently .

BC: Its available on Android and iOS.
AC: Its available on Android and iOS .

BC: You can alter the settings as per your wish.
AC: You can alter the settings as per your wish .

BC: Some websites use trackers that can monitor your activity across the Internet. In private windows, { -brand-short-name } Content Blocking automatically blocks many trackers that can collect information about your browsing behavior.
AC: Some websites use trackers that can monitor your activity across the Internet . In private windows , { -brand-short-name } Content Blocking automatically blocks many trackers that can collect information about your browsing behavior .

BC: against him.
AC: against him .

BC: main city algeris where algeris war had occurred and french-frank war ,peace discussions occurred in 1962 after the algerian independance.
AC: main city algeris where algeris war had occurred and french-frank war , peace discussions occurred in 1962 after the algerian independance .

BC: India 1st innings: 316
AC: India 1st innings : 316

BC: The same goes for football.
AC: The same goes for football .

BC: Its dark.
AC: Its dark .

BC: He has been convicted in the case.
AC: He has been convicted in the case .

BC: This movie is directed by Kranthi Madhav and is produced by KS Rama Rao under Creative Commercials banner.
AC: This movie is directed by Kranthi Madhav and is produced by KS Rama Rao under Creative Commercials banner .

BC: And Moses said unto them, Have ye saved all the women alive?
AC: And Moses said unto them , Have ye saved all the women alive ?

BC: Wherere we heading to?
AC: Wherere we heading to ?

BC: The last date for submission of life certificate:
AC: The last date for submission of life certificate :

BC: Here are a few tweets for you.
AC: Here are a few tweets for you .

BC: And other such...
AC: And other such ...

BC: Delhi has reported 19,844 cases and 473 deaths so far.
AC: Delhi has reported 19,844 cases and 473 deaths so far .

BC: It is also authorized to build roads within town panchayat limits and impose taxes on properties coming under its jurisdiction.
AC: It is also authorized to build roads within town panchayat limits and impose taxes on properties coming under its jurisdiction .

BC: We're marching on.
AC: We 're marching on .

BC: It houses around 110 tree species, 50 species of mammals, 580 bird species and 25 reptile species.
AC: It houses around 110 tree species , 50 species of mammals , 580 bird species and 25 reptile species .

BC: Three people were killed and another injured in the mishap.
AC: Three people were killed and another injured in the mishap .

BC: 913 crores.
AC: 913 crores .

BC: He scrambled all over.
AC: He scrambled all over .

BC: Columbia University.
AC: Columbia University .

BC: Vijay Deverakonda was present at the event as a fan.
AC: Vijay Deverakonda was present at the event as a fan .

BC: This has happened through the following five ways:
AC: This has happened through the following five ways :

BC: How did the two meet?
AC: How did the two meet ?

BC: The dead include five men, three women and a kid.
AC: The dead include five men , three women and a kid .

BC: However, no statement in this regard has been issued by the state government as of yet.
AC: However , no statement in this regard has been issued by the state government as of yet .

BC: inspire me a lot.
AC: inspire me a lot .

BC: Customers will get additional cashback of 10 percent when they pay using SBI Debit and Credit Cards.
AC: Customers will get additional cashback of 10 percent when they pay using SBI Debit and Credit Cards .

BC: The court imposed a fine of Rs 25 lakh on him.
AC: The court imposed a fine of Rs 25 lakh on him .

BC: Malavika Nair is playing the female lead opposite Naga Shaurya in the film.
AC: Malavika Nair is playing the female lead opposite Naga Shaurya in the film .

BC: Central and State Governments are making joint efforts to control this seasonal epidemic.
AC: Central and State Governments are making joint efforts to control this seasonal epidemic .

BC: Palakonda is a town in Srikakulam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
AC: Palakonda is a town in Srikakulam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .

BC: At least 17 people died of the virus.
AC: At least 17 people died of the virus .

BC: How is your husband?
AC: How is your husband ?

BC: This isnt there in the book.
AC: This isnt there in the book .

BC: The fatality rate is low.
AC: The fatality rate is low .

BC: This one had fruits, vegetables and meat.
AC: This one had fruits , vegetables and meat .

BC: Holmes himself, however, does not appear.
AC: Holmes himself , however , does not appear .

BC: I dont agree with that.
AC: I dont agree with that .

BC: At least 29 people were killed in the accident.
AC: At least 29 people were killed in the accident .

BC: People are having trouble with this.
AC: People are having trouble with this .

BC: But something has clearly changed.
AC: But something has clearly changed .

BC: "Playing for RCB is a lot different than playing for India,"" Ferguson told IANS in an interview."
AC: " Playing for RCB is a lot different than playing for India , " " Ferguson told IANS in an interview . "

BC: The injured persons are rushed to nearby hospitals.
AC: The injured persons are rushed to nearby hospitals .

BC: In case of intermediate semesters, practical exams can be conducted during the ensuing semesters.
AC: In case of intermediate semesters , practical exams can be conducted during the ensuing semesters .

BC: Following conditions stated below:
AC: Following conditions stated below :

BC: 1,800 crores.
AC: 1,800 crores .

BC: Howre you?
AC: Howre you ?

BC: This would save you time and help you to negotiate better.
AC: This would save you time and help you to negotiate better .

BC: Intas is said to be a vertically integrated global pharmaceutical formulation development, manufacturing, and marketing company.
AC: Intas is said to be a vertically integrated global pharmaceutical formulation development , manufacturing , and marketing company .

BC: Best Actor: Dhanush (Asuran)
AC: Best Actor : Dhanush ( Asuran )

BC: In this film , Samantha is the heroine.
AC: In this film , Samantha is the heroine .

BC: These are basic needs.
AC: These are basic needs .

BC: Thats why.
AC: Thats why .

BC: Directed by Hemanth Madhukar, TG Vishwa Prasad's People Media Factory is producing the film in association with Kona Venkat's Kona Film Corporation.
AC: Directed by Hemanth Madhukar , TG Vishwa Prasad 's People Media Factory is producing the film in association with Kona Venkat 's Kona Film Corporation .

BC: Like we said, Nissan's design department has paid special attention to Terrano's styling to make it stand apart from the Duster
AC: Like we said , Nissan 's design department has paid special attention to Terrano 's styling to make it stand apart from the Duster

BC: They are not lazy or unmotivated. They came here in search of jobs in nearby Nairobi.
AC: They are not lazy or unmotivated . They came here in search of jobs in nearby Nairobi .

BC: Students at the Faculty of Law, Jamia Millia Islamia University.
AC: Students at the Faculty of Law , Jamia Millia Islamia University .

BC: The first one is trivial.
AC: The first one is trivial .

BC: He also played 14 Tests and 58 ODIs for India picking up 40 and 69 wickets respectively.
AC: He also played 14 Tests and 58 ODIs for India picking up 40 and 69 wickets respectively .

BC: Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh condoled his death.
AC: Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh condoled his death .

BC: A total of four vehicles collided with each other in the accident.
AC: A total of four vehicles collided with each other in the accident .

BC: DSP Samunder Singh and tehsildar Rajender Singh also paid tributes.
AC: DSP Samunder Singh and tehsildar Rajender Singh also paid tributes .

BC: He puts on what can be called the Jekyll - and - Hyde personalities.
AC: He puts on what can be called the Jekyll - and - Hyde personalities .

BC: He also demanded to make a law on the minimum support price (MSP) of crop procurement.
AC: He also demanded to make a law on the minimum support price ( MSP ) of crop procurement .

BC: A balance is needed.
AC: A balance is needed .

BC: What do we learn from the account of Ananias and Sapphira?
AC: What do we learn from the account of Ananias and Sapphira ?

BC: But actually we are all the same.
AC: But actually we are all the same .

BC: It is being feared that the death toll might increase.
AC: It is being feared that the death toll might increase .

BC: Salman Khan's film Dabangg 3 will feature Sudeep playing the negative role.
AC: Salman Khan 's film Dabangg 3 will feature Sudeep playing the negative role .

BC: Isnt it wrong?
AC: Isnt it wrong ?

BC: Recently, Modi government has made certain changes in newly appointed cabinet ministers of India.
AC: Recently , Modi government has made certain changes in newly appointed cabinet ministers of India .

BC: They always wait for opportunities.
AC: They always wait for opportunities .

BC: He is admitted in ICU at a private hospital in Kochi.
AC: He is admitted in ICU at a private hospital in Kochi .

BC: He is keen on doing good films.
AC: He is keen on doing good films .

BC: Tom and Jerry are at it.
AC: Tom and Jerry are at it .

BC: I will leave.
AC: I will leave .

BC: About 12 crore farmers will benefit from it.
AC: About 12 crore farmers will benefit from it .

BC: Modi and Amit Shah are doing all this.
AC: Modi and Amit Shah are doing all this .

BC: The Prime Minister will arrive in Mumbai on the afternoon of February 18th.
AC: The Prime Minister will arrive in Mumbai on the afternoon of February 18th .

BC: Police are ascertaining facts at the spot.
AC: Police are ascertaining facts at the spot .

BC: GI cancer is more common in men over the age of 40.
AC: GI cancer is more common in men over the age of 40 .

BC: Hrithik Roshan is basking in the success of his latest film Kaabil.
AC: Hrithik Roshan is basking in the success of his latest film Kaabil .

BC: (Add more salt to taste, if necessary).
AC: ( Add more salt to taste , if necessary ) .

BC: The movie features Pooja Kumar and Shraddha Das in the lead roles opposite Rajasekhar in the movie.
AC: The movie features Pooja Kumar and Shraddha Das in the lead roles opposite Rajasekhar in the movie .

BC: For instance, he said regarding Nathanael: See, an Israelite for a certainty, in whom there is no deceit.
AC: For instance , he said regarding Nathanael : See , an Israelite for a certainty , in whom there is no deceit .

BC: This is the third time Panneerselvam has been sworn in as Chief Minister.
AC: This is the third time Panneerselvam has been sworn in as Chief Minister .

BC: The beach is clean and the water clear.
AC: The beach is clean and the water clear .

BC: This was reflected in Article 370 of the Constitution of India.
AC: This was reflected in Article 370 of the Constitution of India .

BC: It's simple
AC: It 's simple

BC: ( b) What notice does Jehovah take of how we respond to his goodness?
AC: ( b ) What notice does Jehovah take of how we respond to his goodness ?

BC: Oh so beautiful.
AC: Oh so beautiful .

BC: The first blast occurred at 6:45 pm on Wednesday
AC: The first blast occurred at 6 : 45 pm on Wednesday

BC: Why is age not necessarily a limiting factor in what one can accomplish?
AC: Why is age not necessarily a limiting factor in what one can accomplish ?

BC: Glycerol (glycerin) is liberated.
AC: Glycerol ( glycerin ) is liberated .

BC: Everything is all about him.
AC: Everything is all about him .

BC: The questions:
AC: The questions :

BC: The locals informed the cops of the accident.
AC: The locals informed the cops of the accident .

BC: Is it not obvious, then, that Jehovahs law prohibiting fornication is designed to protect us?
AC: Is it not obvious , then , that Jehovahs law prohibiting fornication is designed to protect us ?

BC: Tanya Hope, Payal Rajput and Nabha Natesh played the heroines in the film.
AC: Tanya Hope , Payal Rajput and Nabha Natesh played the heroines in the film .

BC: Soon it dies.
AC: Soon it dies .

BC: A case has been registered against the accused, who has been taken into police custody
AC: A case has been registered against the accused , who has been taken into police custody

BC: The three became friends.
AC: The three became friends .

BC: I also met him.
AC: I also met him .

BC: Malaviya arrested.
AC: Malaviya arrested .

BC: [Chennaiyin aim to continue domination against Mumbai]
AC: [ Chennaiyin aim to continue domination against Mumbai ]

BC: But what is reputation?
AC: But what is reputation ?

BC: Doctors said it was a case of food poisoning.
AC: Doctors said it was a case of food poisoning .

BC: Theres no doubt.
AC: Theres no doubt .

BC: Politics is not just about power.
AC: Politics is not just about power .

BC: Many people were injured in the incident.
AC: Many people were injured in the incident .

BC: For example, The Orthodox Christian Mission Center Magazine reports on the activity of Orthodox missionaries in Madagascar, southern Africa, Tanzania, and Zimbabwe.
AC: For example , The Orthodox Christian Mission Center Magazine reports on the activity of Orthodox missionaries in Madagascar , southern Africa , Tanzania , and Zimbabwe .

BC: What Say?
AC: What Say ?

BC: What is pain?
AC: What is pain ?

BC: Hyundai Creta S+ Diesel Variant Now In AT. Priced At Rs
AC: Hyundai Creta S + Diesel Variant Now In AT . Priced At Rs

BC: Mainly in English newspaper are Deccan Chronicle, The Times Of India, Hindu and The Hans India.
AC: Mainly in English newspaper are Deccan Chronicle , The Times Of India , Hindu and The Hans India .

BC: He later came out of retirement and rejoined the Cowboys.
AC: He later came out of retirement and rejoined the Cowboys .

BC: The video has sparked outrage on social media.
AC: The video has sparked outrage on social media .

BC: I got a job after doing my engineering from IIT-Delhi.
AC: I got a job after doing my engineering from IIT-Delhi .

BC: He resigned from office.
AC: He resigned from office .

BC: Only Rs 500 crore?
AC: Only Rs 500 crore ?

BC: Focus your attention on that.
AC: Focus your attention on that .

BC: This film...
AC: This film ...

BC: How many days does it last?
AC: How many days does it last ?

BC: The situation is turning worse every day.
AC: The situation is turning worse every day .

BC: Four protesters were wounded in the firing.
AC: Four protesters were wounded in the firing .

BC: TDP MLA Revanth Reddy.
AC: TDP MLA Revanth Reddy .

BC: To be silent for a long time is not good.
AC: To be silent for a long time is not good .

BC: He has authored 45 books.
AC: He has authored 45 books .

BC: Besides, there can be other problems also.
AC: Besides , there can be other problems also .

BC: We are all a family together.
AC: We are all a family together .

BC: The film is produced by UV Creations.
AC: The film is produced by UV Creations .

BC: Tata group shares were in focus today after Cyrus Mistry was replaced as the Chairman of Tata Sons, by Ratan Tata, as an interim Chairman, till a successor has been found.
AC: Tata group shares were in focus today after Cyrus Mistry was replaced as the Chairman of Tata Sons , by Ratan Tata , as an interim Chairman , till a successor has been found .

BC: At a hurriedly called joint press conference of army, police and CRPF, Jammu and Kashmir Police chief S.P.
AC: At a hurriedly called joint press conference of army , police and CRPF , Jammu and Kashmir Police chief S.P.

BC: Others provide health care or do office work.
AC: Others provide health care or do office work .

BC: Are frozen foods good for you?
AC: Are frozen foods good for you ?

BC: Rambabu said.
AC: Rambabu said .

BC: Whos the hero?
AC: Whos the hero ?

BC: Nor happy.
AC: Nor happy .

BC: For example, some married couples may qualify for missionary training to be sent out to preach in a foreign land.
AC: For example , some married couples may qualify for missionary training to be sent out to preach in a foreign land .

BC: What is International Friendship Day?
AC: What is International Friendship Day ?

BC: The presentation also highlighted the progress made in the KashiVishwanathMandir complex by using a drone video of the lay out.
AC: The presentation also highlighted the progress made in the KashiVishwanathMandir complex by using a drone video of the lay out .

BC: For instance, some European late Upper Paleolithic cultures domesticated and raised reindeer, presumably for their meat or milk, as early as 14,000 BP.
AC: For instance , some European late Upper Paleolithic cultures domesticated and raised reindeer , presumably for their meat or milk , as early as 14,000 BP .

BC: She also lodged a complaint in this regard at the Jharsuguda polie station.
AC: She also lodged a complaint in this regard at the Jharsuguda polie station .

BC: Karnataka Crisis: No question of withdrawing resignations, say MLAs camped in Mumbai
AC: Karnataka Crisis : No question of withdrawing resignations , say MLAs camped in Mumbai

BC: Nobody can guess what might trigger that though.
AC: Nobody can guess what might trigger that though .

BC: "Ricardel ""will continue to support the president as she departs the White House to transition to a new role within the administration,"" White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said in a statement."
AC: " Ricardel " " will continue to support the president as she departs the White House to transition to a new role within the administration , " " White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said in a statement . "

BC: The numbers of dead people and infected cases have been growing every single day.
AC: The numbers of dead people and infected cases have been growing every single day .

BC: Its a love story.
AC: Its a love story .

BC: Secure the poor.
AC: Secure the poor .

BC: News is disturbing.
AC: News is disturbing .

BC: But what do you do if your daughter appears not to be interested in the subject?
AC: But what do you do if your daughter appears not to be interested in the subject ?

BC: In an effort to control high pollution levels in the city, the Delhi government recently ran a vehicle rationing scheme on a trial basis.
AC: In an effort to control high pollution levels in the city , the Delhi government recently ran a vehicle rationing scheme on a trial basis .

BC: The villagers then informed police about the matter.
AC: The villagers then informed police about the matter .

BC: Full services carriers like Jet Airways, Vistara and Air India do not earn much from it.
AC: Full services carriers like Jet Airways , Vistara and Air India do not earn much from it .

BC: There is also a small minority of speakers of Berber languages known collectively as Jebbali or Shelha.
AC: There is also a small minority of speakers of Berber languages known collectively as Jebbali or Shelha .

BC: The director.
AC: The director .

BC: A case has been registered against the accused and sent them in remand.
AC: A case has been registered against the accused and sent them in remand .

BC: No, not again.
AC: No , not again .

BC: NCP, BSP and DMK occupy fourth, fifth and sixth respectively
AC: NCP , BSP and DMK occupy fourth , fifth and sixth respectively

BC: He has a wife and three children.
AC: He has a wife and three children .

BC: Was he entering politics?
AC: Was he entering politics ?

BC: So use this option cautiously.
AC: So use this option cautiously .

BC: An immediate action should be taken in this direction.
AC: An immediate action should be taken in this direction .

BC: Mangalmukhi Hanuman Temple, Mahankali Temple (totala gudi), Narasimha Swamy Temple, Kalika Devi Temple, Lalithambika Devi Mandir, Nalla Pochamma Temple, Oora Pochamma Temple, Hanuman Nagar Anjaneya Swamy Temple, Shivalayam and Potha Linganna Temple, panta missama.
AC: Mangalmukhi Hanuman Temple , Mahankali Temple ( totala gudi ) , Narasimha Swamy Temple , Kalika Devi Temple , Lalithambika Devi Mandir , Nalla Pochamma Temple , Oora Pochamma Temple , Hanuman Nagar Anjaneya Swamy Temple , Shivalayam and Potha Linganna Temple , panta missama .

BC: We are also importing certain fruits not only from other states but also from other countries.
AC: We are also importing certain fruits not only from other states but also from other countries .

BC: Theyre peppy.
AC: Theyre peppy .

BC: The cases are increasing day by day.
AC: The cases are increasing day by day .

BC: Imagine what they must have thought as the waters closed in upon them!
AC: Imagine what they must have thought as the waters closed in upon them !

BC: I drink lots of water.
AC: I drink lots of water .

BC: Is this a joke?
AC: Is this a joke ?

BC: In 2 Peter chapter 3, you will find this occurrence and see that our future is involved.
AC: In 2 Peter chapter 3 , you will find this occurrence and see that our future is involved .

BC: Losses have been estimated at around Rs 7 lakh.
AC: Losses have been estimated at around Rs 7 lakh .

BC: If you are doing what is bad, be in fear: for it is not without purpose that it bears the sword. Romans 13: 1 - 4.
AC: If you are doing what is bad , be in fear : for it is not without purpose that it bears the sword . Romans 13 : 1 - 4 .

BC: Rajamouli is the senior director in the movie industry who got International level recognition in the Tollywood film industry, with his film Baahubali.
AC: Rajamouli is the senior director in the movie industry who got International level recognition in the Tollywood film industry , with his film Baahubali .

BC: After 28 yrs.
AC: After 28 yrs .

BC: Japan, Singapore, China and Hong Kong closed in the red while Thailand, Indonesia, South Korea, and Taiwan registered gains.
AC: Japan , Singapore , China and Hong Kong closed in the red while Thailand , Indonesia , South Korea , and Taiwan registered gains .

BC: He has a wife and child.
AC: He has a wife and child .

BC: Some even forbid learning the language of the country they live in.
AC: Some even forbid learning the language of the country they live in .

BC: Budget 2018: Health
AC: Budget 2018 : Health

BC: Alternatively, it can be prepared by mashing cooked plain rice (mostly leftovers) with some salt, curd and (a little milk to lessen the sourness) garnishing it with fried urad dal, mustard seeds, green chilli and chopped coriander.
AC: Alternatively , it can be prepared by mashing cooked plain rice ( mostly leftovers ) with some salt , curd and ( a little milk to lessen the sourness ) garnishing it with fried urad dal , mustard seeds , green chilli and chopped coriander .

BC: The TDP had no answer for the question.
AC: The TDP had no answer for the question .

BC: Archaeologically, this period has been identified as corresponding in part to the Northern Black Polished Ware culture.
AC: Archaeologically , this period has been identified as corresponding in part to the Northern Black Polished Ware culture .

BC: The film is helmed by Baahubali director SS Rajamouli.
AC: The film is helmed by Baahubali director SS Rajamouli .

BC: "But I cannot say how long this will take."""
AC: " But I cannot say how long this will take . " " "

BC: Its step by step.
AC: Its step by step .

BC: The team visited different points in the town.
AC: The team visited different points in the town .

BC: The police were unable to find the baby.
AC: The police were unable to find the baby .

BC: There has been infighting within the Congress in the poll-bound states of Maharashtra and Haryana.
AC: There has been infighting within the Congress in the poll-bound states of Maharashtra and Haryana .

BC: People do not fear anybody.
AC: People do not fear anybody .

BC: Ours is a joint family.
AC: Ours is a joint family .

BC: Good always happens when u do good.
AC: Good always happens when u do good .

BC: He also dwelt on the remarkable progress India has achieved in reducing multidimensional poverty, providing food safety, ensuring education for all, universalising access to electricity, clean cooking fuel and sanitation, while also operationalising the worlds largest health insurance programme by covering 500 million citizens. We are deeply committed to building on existing efforts and undertake newer initiatives to accelerate progress on the SDG targets for long term transformation.
AC: He also dwelt on the remarkable progress India has achieved in reducing multidimensional poverty , providing food safety , ensuring education for all , universalising access to electricity , clean cooking fuel and sanitation , while also operationalising the worlds largest health insurance programme by covering 500 million citizens . We are deeply committed to building on existing efforts and undertake newer initiatives to accelerate progress on the SDG targets for long term transformation .

BC: Whats the idea?
AC: Whats the idea ?

BC: He, however, denied having joined any party.
AC: He , however , denied having joined any party .

BC: All of us are working very hard for this film.
AC: All of us are working very hard for this film .

BC: I'll see him somewhere.
AC: I 'll see him somewhere .

BC: Meanwhile during her five-day visit Mlambo-Ngcuka is also set to visit Gujarat and Mumbai.
AC: Meanwhile during her five-day visit Mlambo-Ngcuka is also set to visit Gujarat and Mumbai .

BC: On receiving the information from the locals, the police reached the crime scene and registered a case and investigating further.
AC: On receiving the information from the locals , the police reached the crime scene and registered a case and investigating further .

BC: There is no reason why.
AC: There is no reason why .

BC: Suresh worked as a nurse at a private clinic.
AC: Suresh worked as a nurse at a private clinic .

BC: I looked at her nervously.
AC: I looked at her nervously .

BC: being all over the place.
AC: being all over the place .

BC: It will increase further in the coming days.
AC: It will increase further in the coming days .

BC: he clarified.
AC: he clarified .

BC: The Polavaram project works have come to a halt.
AC: The Polavaram project works have come to a halt .

BC: This is how the film ends.
AC: This is how the film ends .

BC: The River Sutlej runs through the district and moves over to the Pakistan side through the Indo-Pakistani border.
AC: The River Sutlej runs through the district and moves over to the Pakistan side through the Indo-Pakistani border .

BC: This did not take place.
AC: This did not take place .

BC: He too hasnt read the book.
AC: He too hasnt read the book .

BC: For this, Rs.
AC: For this , Rs.

BC: India also grabbed the Gold in the mixed team event.
AC: India also grabbed the Gold in the mixed team event .

BC: self-regulation.
AC: self-regulation .

BC: Bheema asks his mother to tell about his father, she replies to go and ask Lord Bhimeshwara.
AC: Bheema asks his mother to tell about his father , she replies to go and ask Lord Bhimeshwara .

BC: Education system breaks down.
AC: Education system breaks down .

BC: Since then, the two have been frequently spotted together.
AC: Since then , the two have been frequently spotted together .

BC: """It is a learning experience."
AC: " " " It is a learning experience . "

BC: This movie was helmed by Santosh Srinivas and starred NTR Jr in the lead role.
AC: This movie was helmed by Santosh Srinivas and starred NTR Jr in the lead role .

BC: Reserve any remaining fennel for another use.
AC: Reserve any remaining fennel for another use .

BC: This is a surprisingly difficult problem.
AC: This is a surprisingly difficult problem .

BC: What is the target audience?
AC: What is the target audience ?

BC: Union minister Smriti Irani is contesting against Congress president Rahul Gandhi at Amethi Lok Sabha seat.
AC: Union minister Smriti Irani is contesting against Congress president Rahul Gandhi at Amethi Lok Sabha seat .

BC: Me: Yes...
AC: Me : Yes ...

BC: All girls look pretty and confident.
AC: All girls look pretty and confident .

BC: How old Is he?
AC: How old Is he ?

BC: This will help you lose weight.
AC: This will help you lose weight .

BC: """Nobody really knows for sure,"" Trump said."
AC: " " " Nobody really knows for sure , " " Trump said . "

BC: Look at this!
AC: Look at this !

BC: Argophyllaceae is a family of shrubs or small trees belonging to the order Asterales.
AC: Argophyllaceae is a family of shrubs or small trees belonging to the order Asterales .

BC: The music of the film is composed by Oscar-winning music director A.R Rahman.
AC: The music of the film is composed by Oscar-winning music director A.R Rahman .

BC: By the time police reached the spot,the accused had fled.
AC: By the time police reached the spot , the accused had fled .

BC: Lane and her father challenged her mother in court, and six weeks later, she was back in New York.
AC: Lane and her father challenged her mother in court , and six weeks later , she was back in New York .

BC: I dont remember that day.
AC: I dont remember that day .

BC: This will benefit population of 50 lakh.
AC: This will benefit population of 50 lakh .

BC: (Add more salt to taste, if necessary).
AC: ( Add more salt to taste , if necessary ) .

BC: I respect their opinion.
AC: I respect their opinion .

BC: Independence Day in India is a national holiday.
AC: Independence Day in India is a national holiday .

BC: All teams are tough opposition in this tournament.
AC: All teams are tough opposition in this tournament .

BC: 55,559, ex-showroom (Delhi)
AC: 55,559 , ex-showroom ( Delhi )

BC: Boil a few Mint leaves in water.
AC: Boil a few Mint leaves in water .

BC: """Everyone wants development."
AC: " " " Everyone wants development . "

BC: Throughout the years, Jehovahs Witnesses have thoroughly exposed unscriptural funeral customs.
AC: Throughout the years , Jehovahs Witnesses have thoroughly exposed unscriptural funeral customs .

BC: In a heated pan, take two tablespoons of oil and add cinnamon, cardamom, clove, pepper to it.
AC: In a heated pan , take two tablespoons of oil and add cinnamon , cardamom , clove , pepper to it .

BC: Why do they happen?
AC: Why do they happen ?

BC: Congress President Rahul Gandhi has been leveling allegations the government over the Rafael deal.
AC: Congress President Rahul Gandhi has been leveling allegations the government over the Rafael deal .

BC: The incident took place in Delhi.
AC: The incident took place in Delhi .

BC: Appropriate security measures need to taken.
AC: Appropriate security measures need to taken .

BC: press released of photo of worlds advanced model ASSIMO.
AC: press released of photo of worlds advanced model ASSIMO .

BC: India has also doubled its testing in the past month to a total of 6.24 crore tests, with 8.81 lakh tests conducted in the last 24 hours, the Health Ministry said
AC: India has also doubled its testing in the past month to a total of 6.24 crore tests , with 8.81 lakh tests conducted in the last 24 hours , the Health Ministry said

BC: He even posts their pictures on social media regularly.
AC: He even posts their pictures on social media regularly .

BC: """, the reporter had asked."
AC: " " , " the reporter had asked . "

BC: The company plans to expand its number to 50 soon.
AC: The company plans to expand its number to 50 soon .

BC: """In Koppal, five students have died due to electric shock."
AC: " " " In Koppal , five students have died due to electric shock . "

BC: I feel I dont deserve this film.
AC: I feel I dont deserve this film .

BC: Theyre poetic.
AC: Theyre poetic .

BC: Three others are yet to be arrested.
AC: Three others are yet to be arrested .

BC: For the international markets however, Ford is offering a 3.7-litre V6 engine and a 2.3-litre turbocharged engine, which will not make it to India
AC: For the international markets however , Ford is offering a 3.7-litre V6 engine and a 2.3-litre turbocharged engine , which will not make it to India

BC: All are like that.
AC: All are like that .

BC: asked former BJP MP.
AC: asked former BJP MP .

BC: With lying to women?
AC: With lying to women ?

BC: You can also go shopping on the streets.
AC: You can also go shopping on the streets .

BC: The situation is worse in states.
AC: The situation is worse in states .

BC: An official announcement in this regard will be made soon.
AC: An official announcement in this regard will be made soon .

BC: Many parts of Karnataka have been flooded because of incessant rain.
AC: Many parts of Karnataka have been flooded because of incessant rain .

BC: The films shooting is over.
AC: The films shooting is over .

BC: These factors are:
AC: These factors are :

BC: Thats not surprising at all!
AC: Thats not surprising at all !

BC: The CBI had booked Bhandari, unidentified officials of the Indian Air Force, the Defence Ministry and Switzerland-based Pilatus Aircraft Limited in the case.
AC: The CBI had booked Bhandari , unidentified officials of the Indian Air Force , the Defence Ministry and Switzerland-based Pilatus Aircraft Limited in the case .

BC: It is budgeted to cost Rs 10 crore.
AC: It is budgeted to cost Rs 10 crore .

BC: It has crossed over Rs 50 crore.
AC: It has crossed over Rs 50 crore .

BC: Bhargav Reddy hails from Karimnagar district in Telangana.He completed his graduation from North Texas University in the US recently.
AC: Bhargav Reddy hails from Karimnagar district in Telangana.He completed his graduation from North Texas University in the US recently .

BC: The film had been given a U/A certificate by the censor board.
AC: The film had been given a U / A certificate by the censor board .

BC: The High Court has upheld governments decision.
AC: The High Court has upheld governments decision .

BC: Getting a loan is not easy.
AC: Getting a loan is not easy .

BC: People forget.
AC: People forget .

BC: A security guard was also injured.
AC: A security guard was also injured .

BC: She shared cute photos of him on Instagram.
AC: She shared cute photos of him on Instagram .

BC: It was heavily advertised.
AC: It was heavily advertised .

BC: Very bad experience.
AC: Very bad experience .

BC: He urged all MPs, ministers, legislators and other public representatives to make the saree distribution programme a success.
AC: He urged all MPs , ministers , legislators and other public representatives to make the saree distribution programme a success .

BC: Opposition DMK candidate N Maruthu Ganesh got only 24,651 votes and lost his deposit.
AC: Opposition DMK candidate N Maruthu Ganesh got only 24,651 votes and lost his deposit .

BC: People's Man
AC: People 's Man

BC: carrying out a variety of activities.
AC: carrying out a variety of activities .

BC: GST Council has reduced rates on many items and services in last round.
AC: GST Council has reduced rates on many items and services in last round .

BC: """That's it!"
AC: " " " That 's it ! "

BC: Exact cause of the accident is not known.
AC: Exact cause of the accident is not known .

BC: I just lived.
AC: I just lived .

BC: Rajahmundry, Tirupati, Vijayawada, Kadapa and Visakhapatnam Airports
AC: Rajahmundry , Tirupati , Vijayawada , Kadapa and Visakhapatnam Airports

BC: Answer: None
AC: Answer : None

BC: Women or men?
AC: Women or men ?

BC: Understanding Bible truth should be equally precious to us. Matthew 13: 45, 46.
AC: Understanding Bible truth should be equally precious to us . Matthew 13 : 45 , 46 .

BC: And more professional.
AC: And more professional .

BC: His main rival in the race had been Emmanuel Bob-Akitani from the Union des Forces du Changement (UFC) or Union of Forces for Change.
AC: His main rival in the race had been Emmanuel Bob-Akitani from the Union des Forces du Changement ( UFC ) or Union of Forces for Change .

BC: Both Rajasthan Royals and RCB have played three matches in the tournament so far.
AC: Both Rajasthan Royals and RCB have played three matches in the tournament so far .

BC: The news of their death cast a pale of gloom in their village.
AC: The news of their death cast a pale of gloom in their village .

BC: Mow is used to feed the cattle.
AC: Mow is used to feed the cattle .

BC: As are the questions.
AC: As are the questions .

BC: She received death threats and rape threats.
AC: She received death threats and rape threats .

BC: The reasons are very simple.
AC: The reasons are very simple .

BC: Applications are currently being accepted for 2020-21 batch.
AC: Applications are currently being accepted for 2020-21 batch .

BC: Our party will field candidates in all the 70 seats.
AC: Our party will field candidates in all the 70 seats .

BC: I wanted to tell them about Jehovah, so after a while I made plans to learn their language.
AC: I wanted to tell them about Jehovah , so after a while I made plans to learn their language .

BC: It helps:
AC: It helps :

BC: But do you know how much it costs?
AC: But do you know how much it costs ?

BC: Shiv Sena will fight on 151 seats, leaving 119 seats for BJP
AC: Shiv Sena will fight on 151 seats , leaving 119 seats for BJP

BC: Forest officials said that the carcass appeared to be 10-days-old.
AC: Forest officials said that the carcass appeared to be 10-days-old .

BC: How will this be proved?
AC: How will this be proved ?

BC: Shree Vijay Vallabh Surishwer Ji Maharaj (1870-1954) led an austere life as a Jain Saint working selflessly and dedicatedly to spread the message of Lord Mahavira
AC: Shree Vijay Vallabh Surishwer Ji Maharaj ( 1870-1954 ) led an austere life as a Jain Saint working selflessly and dedicatedly to spread the message of Lord Mahavira

BC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has shown his 56-inch chest.
AC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has shown his 56-inch chest .

BC: Whats at play?
AC: Whats at play ?

BC: 65 crores.
AC: 65 crores .

BC: We will handle the rest.
AC: We will handle the rest .

BC: It helps to maintain pH balance and naturally hydrates your skin.
AC: It helps to maintain pH balance and naturally hydrates your skin .

BC: The elections were conducted peacefully.
AC: The elections were conducted peacefully .

BC: Where to Crash?
AC: Where to Crash ?

BC: This song is very significant.
AC: This song is very significant .

BC: Nearly 100 persons were injured.
AC: Nearly 100 persons were injured .

BC: And the third.
AC: And the third .

BC: Former president of JNU Students Union Kanhaiya Kumar is the CPI candidate from Begusarai Lok Sabha constituency.
AC: Former president of JNU Students Union Kanhaiya Kumar is the CPI candidate from Begusarai Lok Sabha constituency .

BC: But all of that was a lie.
AC: But all of that was a lie .

BC: She posted the video on social media.
AC: She posted the video on social media .

BC: What are you annoyed with?
AC: What are you annoyed with ?

BC: Later, a compromise was reached between both the parties.
AC: Later , a compromise was reached between both the parties .

BC: Have you heard the name?
AC: Have you heard the name ?

BC: A full program of Christian meetings was arranged in the Lingala language so that the arrivals would be supplied with life - sustaining spiritual food.
AC: A full program of Christian meetings was arranged in the Lingala language so that the arrivals would be supplied with life - sustaining spiritual food .

BC: Some (many?)
AC: Some ( many ? )

BC: They understand it.
AC: They understand it .

BC: Federico Mayor, former director general of UNESCO, made a solemn appeal to create a global movement for a culture of peace and non - violence.
AC: Federico Mayor , former director general of UNESCO , made a solemn appeal to create a global movement for a culture of peace and non - violence .

BC: """When people across the nation are protesting against CAA-NRC, govt should have rolled back the new law but they came up with NPR."
AC: " " " When people across the nation are protesting against CAA-NRC , govt should have rolled back the new law but they came up with NPR . "

BC: Whos that?
AC: Whos that ?

BC: Are you doubting that?
AC: Are you doubting that ?

BC: Krishna then gets to know that Bhargavi had asked her friend to add some medicine in Krishna's Thumbs Up which he was drinking that day.
AC: Krishna then gets to know that Bhargavi had asked her friend to add some medicine in Krishna 's Thumbs Up which he was drinking that day .

BC: Through Isaiah, Jehovah said: This people have come near with their mouth, and they have glorified me merely with their lips, and they have removed their heart itself far away from me. Any praise uttered by such individuals was meaningless.
AC: Through Isaiah , Jehovah said : This people have come near with their mouth , and they have glorified me merely with their lips , and they have removed their heart itself far away from me . Any praise uttered by such individuals was meaningless .

BC: The city of Hyderabad is the cradle of the composite culture and civilization where followers of different religions and faiths live peacefully.
AC: The city of Hyderabad is the cradle of the composite culture and civilization where followers of different religions and faiths live peacefully .

BC: Hyderabad: Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu has ranked his ministerial colleages on the basis of his performance.
AC: Hyderabad : Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu has ranked his ministerial colleages on the basis of his performance .

BC: In India, as many as 9,983 new COVID-19 cases were recorded in the last 24 hours, taking the total number of cases to 2,56,611
AC: In India , as many as 9,983 new COVID-19 cases were recorded in the last 24 hours , taking the total number of cases to 2,56,611

BC: He made this announcement via Twitter.
AC: He made this announcement via Twitter .

BC: Try to make out maximum time for them.
AC: Try to make out maximum time for them .

BC: They were immediately rushed to the hospital and given medical treatment.
AC: They were immediately rushed to the hospital and given medical treatment .

BC: UV Creations is bankrolling this project the film with a massive budget.
AC: UV Creations is bankrolling this project the film with a massive budget .

BC: According to him, it happened in the past also.
AC: According to him , it happened in the past also .

BC: What has the Supreme Court said?
AC: What has the Supreme Court said ?

BC: He does not find out they are his pets at first.
AC: He does not find out they are his pets at first .

BC: DGP said.
AC: DGP said .

BC: Internet can also be utilised.
AC: Internet can also be utilised .

BC: The project is named Edu Vigil.
AC: The project is named Edu Vigil .

BC: However, Shiv Sena had refused to accept it.
AC: However , Shiv Sena had refused to accept it .

BC: Sprinkle some water into it.
AC: Sprinkle some water into it .

BC: Health is good.
AC: Health is good .

BC: Are There Laws?
AC: Are There Laws ?

BC: He was elected to Rajya Sabha five times and Lok Sabha four times.
AC: He was elected to Rajya Sabha five times and Lok Sabha four times .

BC: Former Indian cricket team all-rounder Yuvraj Singh has revealed which Bollywood star he would like to see in his biopic.
AC: Former Indian cricket team all-rounder Yuvraj Singh has revealed which Bollywood star he would like to see in his biopic .

BC: The documents include:
AC: The documents include :

BC: With this, we are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
AC: With this , we are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world .

BC: See the total picture.
AC: See the total picture .

BC: I have two girls.
AC: I have two girls .

BC: The film is being made on a grand scale with Bollywood actress Kangana Ranaut essaying the titular role of J Jayalalithaa.
AC: The film is being made on a grand scale with Bollywood actress Kangana Ranaut essaying the titular role of J Jayalalithaa .

BC: He has three sons.
AC: He has three sons .

BC: He got 4 wickets and gave off 34 runs.
AC: He got 4 wickets and gave off 34 runs .

BC: Everyone saw it.
AC: Everyone saw it .

BC: Quickversity asset of learning resources.
AC: Quickversity asset of learning resources .

BC: I had a relation with a man.
AC: I had a relation with a man .

BC: No result.
AC: No result .

BC: He said that more than three generations of BJP have given their life for Kashmir and for the abrogation of Article 370.
AC: He said that more than three generations of BJP have given their life for Kashmir and for the abrogation of Article 370 .

BC: She comments: With Jehovahs blessing I have reached this goal, as I have the support of my dear sisters who help me not only to preach but also to teach by conducting the 11 Bible studies that I have been able to start.
AC: She comments : With Jehovahs blessing I have reached this goal , as I have the support of my dear sisters who help me not only to preach but also to teach by conducting the 11 Bible studies that I have been able to start .

BC: Indian batting legend Sachin Tendulkar will be making an apperance in the biopic of former Sri Lankan spinner Muttiah Muralitharan.
AC: Indian batting legend Sachin Tendulkar will be making an apperance in the biopic of former Sri Lankan spinner Muttiah Muralitharan .

BC: How to overcome timidity?
AC: How to overcome timidity ?

BC: People should be made aware about it.
AC: People should be made aware about it .

BC: Thank you Sir!
AC: Thank you Sir !

BC: Apart from President Moon, the ROK Minister of National Defense, other Cabinet Ministers, Ambassadors representing the countries that rendered assistance to ROK during the War, and distinguished persons of Korea were present at the ceremony.
AC: Apart from President Moon , the ROK Minister of National Defense , other Cabinet Ministers , Ambassadors representing the countries that rendered assistance to ROK during the War , and distinguished persons of Korea were present at the ceremony .

BC: This is the first such streak of his career.
AC: This is the first such streak of his career .

BC: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee with Opposition leaders at TMC led 'United India' rally in Kolkata.
AC: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee with Opposition leaders at TMC led ' United India ' rally in Kolkata .

BC: So, this is the this, of course, there is no proof that the chemical was disposed in the river, but because it was found in the river, then the assumption is that it was disposed in the river or it somehow ended up in the river.
AC: So , this is the this , of course , there is no proof that the chemical was disposed in the river , but because it was found in the river , then the assumption is that it was disposed in the river or it somehow ended up in the river .

BC: Justice Suresh Kumar Kait dismissed Khans plea.
AC: Justice Suresh Kumar Kait dismissed Khans plea .

BC: Helping people like Narayana, Nannayya Bhat, the war in Baratha by Krishnarjuna and they united this india and they created this as an educational centre. For the language of telugu poetic language gained some rules. Pandits and scholars all praised and formed a wayvisitors for all poets.
AC: Helping people like Narayana , Nannayya Bhat , the war in Baratha by Krishnarjuna and they united this india and they created this as an educational centre . For the language of telugu poetic language gained some rules . Pandits and scholars all praised and formed a wayvisitors for all poets .

BC: The trailer is quite intriguing.
AC: The trailer is quite intriguing .

BC: """What is there to talk about?"
AC: " " " What is there to talk about ? "

BC: His body has not reached home yet.
AC: His body has not reached home yet .

BC: There was an error with your upload. Please try again.
AC: There was an error with your upload . Please try again .

BC: To avoid this, the Telangana Cabinet has, in its very first meeting, decided on the nomination of the Anglo-Indian community representative.
AC: To avoid this , the Telangana Cabinet has , in its very first meeting , decided on the nomination of the Anglo-Indian community representative .

BC: The state reported 159 new cases on Sunday.
AC: The state reported 159 new cases on Sunday .

BC: But hes the leader of Russia.
AC: But hes the leader of Russia .

BC: What is culture?
AC: What is culture ?

BC: In Maharashtra, the BJP and Shiv Sena Alliance are pitted against the Congress and NCP alliance.
AC: In Maharashtra , the BJP and Shiv Sena Alliance are pitted against the Congress and NCP alliance .

BC: This one targeted prime minister Narendra Modi.
AC: This one targeted prime minister Narendra Modi .

BC: Whats the song?
AC: Whats the song ?

BC: Shravan Bharadwaj is the music director.
AC: Shravan Bharadwaj is the music director .

BC: Telangana Congress leaders alleged that the JAC was acting at the behest of Telangana Rashtra Samiti (TRS) chief K Chandrasekhara Rao.
AC: Telangana Congress leaders alleged that the JAC was acting at the behest of Telangana Rashtra Samiti ( TRS ) chief K Chandrasekhara Rao .

BC: That day has come.
AC: That day has come .

BC: Four terrorists were arrested after a brief gunfight with security forces in Jammu and Kashmir's Kupwara district.
AC: Four terrorists were arrested after a brief gunfight with security forces in Jammu and Kashmir 's Kupwara district .

BC: Take the money.
AC: Take the money .

BC: Nobody knows if it will happen.
AC: Nobody knows if it will happen .

BC: More rain is predicted in a few other districts.
AC: More rain is predicted in a few other districts .

BC: On the opening day, the film earned Rs.
AC: On the opening day , the film earned Rs.

BC: A new heroine will play the leading lady in the movie.
AC: A new heroine will play the leading lady in the movie .

BC: "Who's coming with me?"""
AC: " Who 's coming with me ? " " "

BC: My father later told me that he and I sailed a model ship near the Brooklyn Bridge, which was right in view of the world headquarters of Jehovahs Witnesses.
AC: My father later told me that he and I sailed a model ship near the Brooklyn Bridge , which was right in view of the world headquarters of Jehovahs Witnesses .

BC: Hyderabad: The Ameerpet-Hitec City metro line, which had been undergoing trial runs, was finally thrown open to public.
AC: Hyderabad : The Ameerpet-Hitec City metro line , which had been undergoing trial runs , was finally thrown open to public .

BC: A closer look at the olive will help us to understand these Scriptural references and will deepen our appreciation for this unique tree that joins the rest of creation in praising its Maker. Psalm 148: 7, 9.
AC: A closer look at the olive will help us to understand these Scriptural references and will deepen our appreciation for this unique tree that joins the rest of creation in praising its Maker . Psalm 148 : 7 , 9 .

BC: The mother died on the journey.
AC: The mother died on the journey .

BC: I actually didn't hate it.
AC: I actually didn 't hate it .

BC: The police informed the parents of the kid.
AC: The police informed the parents of the kid .

BC: They have no jobs in construction, service or industrial sectors.
AC: They have no jobs in construction , service or industrial sectors .

BC: The Clues team arrived at the scene and collected evidence.
AC: The Clues team arrived at the scene and collected evidence .

BC: But is this assumption right?
AC: But is this assumption right ?

BC: The suggestions or comments can be sent to the Joint Secretary (Transport), Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, Transport Bhavan, Parliament Street, New Delhi-110001 (email: jspb-morth@gov.in) within sixty days from the date of publication of these notifications
AC: The suggestions or comments can be sent to the Joint Secretary ( Transport ) , Ministry of Road Transport and Highways , Transport Bhavan , Parliament Street , New Delhi-110001 ( email : jspb-morth @ gov.in ) within sixty days from the date of publication of these notifications

BC: Thats not bitching.
AC: Thats not bitching .

BC: The film is all set to land in theatres on March 30, 2018
AC: The film is all set to land in theatres on March 30 , 2018

BC: The incident took place in Shahjahanpur district of Uttar Pradesh.
AC: The incident took place in Shahjahanpur district of Uttar Pradesh .

BC: of ancient and medieval times.
AC: of ancient and medieval times .

BC: G Mohanakrishnan of the Madras High Court Advocates' Association said a decision has to be taken that no advocate should represent the accused in the case.
AC: G Mohanakrishnan of the Madras High Court Advocates ' Association said a decision has to be taken that no advocate should represent the accused in the case .

BC: Because no word shall be impossible with God.
AC: Because no word shall be impossible with God .

BC: take an appropriate decision at the right time.
AC: take an appropriate decision at the right time .

BC: Officer aspirant (de.
AC: Officer aspirant ( de .

BC: Each cascading Slave does likewise until the last Slave in the Line is reached.
AC: Each cascading Slave does likewise until the last Slave in the Line is reached .

BC: She died in the morning.
AC: She died in the morning .

BC: 02 pm: Suresh Prabhu presents Railway Budget in Lok Sabha
AC: 02 pm : Suresh Prabhu presents Railway Budget in Lok Sabha

BC: After IPL 2020, Asia Cup faces cancellation due to Coronavirus outbreak
AC: After IPL 2020 , Asia Cup faces cancellation due to Coronavirus outbreak

BC: It is applicable in both personal and professional life.
AC: It is applicable in both personal and professional life .

BC: His aunt Shobha Fadnavis, a BJP member, was a minister in the first Shiv Sena government.
AC: His aunt Shobha Fadnavis , a BJP member , was a minister in the first Shiv Sena government .

BC: The food was different.
AC: The food was different .

BC: We have lost a gem.
AC: We have lost a gem .

BC: Can you understand that sisters feelings?
AC: Can you understand that sisters feelings ?

BC: The death toll is likely to increase, authorities say.
AC: The death toll is likely to increase , authorities say .

BC: Allu Arjun's actioner 'Ala Vaikunthapurramuloo' is directed by Trivikram Srinivas.
AC: Allu Arjun 's actioner ' Ala Vaikunthapurramuloo ' is directed by Trivikram Srinivas .

BC: He is all right.
AC: He is all right .

BC: A dream come true...
AC: A dream come true ...

BC: Has the world gone nuts?
AC: Has the world gone nuts ?

BC: There is no drainage system in the village.
AC: There is no drainage system in the village .

BC: It is everyones duty to respect language and culture.
AC: It is everyones duty to respect language and culture .

BC: No improvements done.
AC: No improvements done .

BC: Do not take any photographs.
AC: Do not take any photographs .

BC: When I saw the video, I could not stop crying.
AC: When I saw the video , I could not stop crying .

BC: Asian Paints, Indian Oil, Kotak Mahindra Bank, HDFC Bank, Infosys, Axis Bank and RIL were other gainers.
AC: Asian Paints , Indian Oil , Kotak Mahindra Bank , HDFC Bank , Infosys , Axis Bank and RIL were other gainers .

BC: However, no official confirmation has been made on this yet.
AC: However , no official confirmation has been made on this yet .

BC: However, not for long.
AC: However , not for long .

BC: What is the matter all about?
AC: What is the matter all about ?

BC: We don't do anything.
AC: We don 't do anything .

BC: A womans body undergoes a lot of change during pregnancy.
AC: A womans body undergoes a lot of change during pregnancy .

BC: However, the film has been delayed due to various reasons.
AC: However , the film has been delayed due to various reasons .

BC: This is anti-constitutional.
AC: This is anti-constitutional .

BC: He was shifted to Gandhi Hospital in Hyderabad for treatment.
AC: He was shifted to Gandhi Hospital in Hyderabad for treatment .

BC: It's a game of cricket
AC: It 's a game of cricket

BC: 50 lakh.
AC: 50 lakh .

BC: We need Jehovahs reminders today more than ever before because wickedness has reached the greatest proportions in human history.
AC: We need Jehovahs reminders today more than ever before because wickedness has reached the greatest proportions in human history .

BC: """The farmer movement is getting stronger day by day."
AC: " " " The farmer movement is getting stronger day by day . "

BC: For details: Intervention by the Prime Minister at Video Conference of NAM Contact Group in response to COVID-19 Today, humanity faces its most serious crisis in many decades.
AC: For details : Intervention by the Prime Minister at Video Conference of NAM Contact Group in response to COVID-19 Today , humanity faces its most serious crisis in many decades .

BC: They are also each others best friends.
AC: They are also each others best friends .

BC: The Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) has no power to act against the CBI directorm, he said.
AC: The Central Vigilance Commission ( CVC ) has no power to act against the CBI directorm , he said .

BC: The film also stars Riteish Deshmukh, Madhuri Dixit, Anil Kapoor, Arshad Warsi and Jaaved Jaaferi.
AC: The film also stars Riteish Deshmukh , Madhuri Dixit , Anil Kapoor , Arshad Warsi and Jaaved Jaaferi .

BC: So far of all the BJP party presidents only Atal Bihari Vajpayee became the Prime minister and LK Advani served as the deputy PM.
AC: So far of all the BJP party presidents only Atal Bihari Vajpayee became the Prime minister and LK Advani served as the deputy PM .

BC: And Abraham said, I will swear.
AC: And Abraham said , I will swear .

BC: The film turned out to be successful.
AC: The film turned out to be successful .

BC: The law has no special provisions in this regard.
AC: The law has no special provisions in this regard .

BC: None of the promises materialised so far.
AC: None of the promises materialised so far .

BC: Kajal Aggarwal is a renowned Indian actress who predominantly works in Telugu and Tamil film industry.
AC: Kajal Aggarwal is a renowned Indian actress who predominantly works in Telugu and Tamil film industry .

BC: It's successful.
AC: It 's successful .

BC: After this, he participated in the Patta Pass Books distribution program at Rayaparthi in the Warangal Rural district.
AC: After this , he participated in the Patta Pass Books distribution program at Rayaparthi in the Warangal Rural district .

BC: If water stagnates, worms will breed in the water.
AC: If water stagnates , worms will breed in the water .

BC: Superstar Rajinikanth's most anticipated film is Robo 2.0 which is being directed by Shankar.
AC: Superstar Rajinikanth 's most anticipated film is Robo 2.0 which is being directed by Shankar .

BC: They are called the nose.
AC: They are called the nose .

BC: ( b) prevent Parliament from conferring by law functions on authorities other than the President.
AC: ( b ) prevent Parliament from conferring by law functions on authorities other than the President .

BC: Four others were wounded in the attack.
AC: Four others were wounded in the attack .

BC: I do not like that sort of writing.
AC: I do not like that sort of writing .

BC: Police registered a case against the MLA.
AC: Police registered a case against the MLA .

BC: Is there any exception?
AC: Is there any exception ?

BC: Indian businessman Anand Mahindra is quite an influential figure on social media.
AC: Indian businessman Anand Mahindra is quite an influential figure on social media .

BC: I have not been able to go to Kashmir for a long time due to busy schedule.
AC: I have not been able to go to Kashmir for a long time due to busy schedule .

BC: It was a new experience for me.
AC: It was a new experience for me .

BC: He was aged 37.
AC: He was aged 37 .

BC: The constituency has Nalgonda, Madgulapally, Kanagal and Thipparthy mandals in it.
AC: The constituency has Nalgonda , Madgulapally , Kanagal and Thipparthy mandals in it .

BC: Best Director: Nitesh Tiwari (Dangal)
AC: Best Director : Nitesh Tiwari ( Dangal )

BC: However, the families of bride and groom decided not to postpone the wedding ceremony.
AC: However , the families of bride and groom decided not to postpone the wedding ceremony .

BC: Set drive to sleep mode.
AC: Set drive to sleep mode .

BC: Vijay Sethupathi is playing dual roles in the film.
AC: Vijay Sethupathi is playing dual roles in the film .

BC: The makers plan to release the film in Hindi, Tamil and Telugu.
AC: The makers plan to release the film in Hindi , Tamil and Telugu .

BC: It is technology which is bridging the gap between the haves and have-nots in our country.
AC: It is technology which is bridging the gap between the haves and have-nots in our country .

BC: US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo will visit Japan to attend the second meeting of the Quad foreign ministers of Australia, India and Japan, his spokesperson has said.
AC: US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo will visit Japan to attend the second meeting of the Quad foreign ministers of Australia , India and Japan , his spokesperson has said .

BC: He recently joined the BJP.
AC: He recently joined the BJP .

BC: A large number of employees and executives participated in the events.
AC: A large number of employees and executives participated in the events .

BC: Wine shops, bars and restaurants will also remain closed.
AC: Wine shops , bars and restaurants will also remain closed .

BC: Vivek Oberoi is playing PM Modi in the film.
AC: Vivek Oberoi is playing PM Modi in the film .

BC: Three persons were killed in the incident, the official said.
AC: Three persons were killed in the incident , the official said .

BC: We have arrived!
AC: We have arrived !

BC: Two were injured.
AC: Two were injured .

BC: They have included Mahmudullah and Mehidy Hasan in place of Sabbir Rahman and Rubel Hossain.
AC: They have included Mahmudullah and Mehidy Hasan in place of Sabbir Rahman and Rubel Hossain .

BC: The shooting of the film is going on at a rapid pace.
AC: The shooting of the film is going on at a rapid pace .

BC: The film has not yet been titled.
AC: The film has not yet been titled .

BC: The Supreme Court in its judgement in Aadhaar case has nowhere directed that the mobile number which has been issued through Aadhaar e-KYC has to be disconnected, it said.
AC: The Supreme Court in its judgement in Aadhaar case has nowhere directed that the mobile number which has been issued through Aadhaar e-KYC has to be disconnected , it said .

BC: The film is directed by Shirish Kunder.
AC: The film is directed by Shirish Kunder .

BC: Baruch was without doubt a sincere worshipper of Jehovah, and he proceeded to do according to all that Jeremiah the prophet had commanded him. Jeremiah 36: 8.
AC: Baruch was without doubt a sincere worshipper of Jehovah , and he proceeded to do according to all that Jeremiah the prophet had commanded him . Jeremiah 36 : 8 .

BC: Chief Minister said.
AC: Chief Minister said .

BC: Cinematography: K V Guhan
AC: Cinematography : K V Guhan

BC: So, what can I do?
AC: So , what can I do ?

BC: 27 would essentially undo the good work of 2008's Prop.
AC: 27 would essentially undo the good work of 2008 's Prop .

BC: Based on the complaint of the victim, the police have initiated a probe in the case.
AC: Based on the complaint of the victim , the police have initiated a probe in the case .

BC: Another candidate Soyam Bapurao, a BJP candidate contesting from Adilabad is facing 52 criminal cases, one of the highest number of cases among the candidates.
AC: Another candidate Soyam Bapurao , a BJP candidate contesting from Adilabad is facing 52 criminal cases , one of the highest number of cases among the candidates .

BC: """I was never meant to be an actress."""
AC: " " " I was never meant to be an actress . " " "

BC: It has been disappointing.
AC: It has been disappointing .

BC: He was replaced by young wicketkeeper-batsman Rishabh Pant.
AC: He was replaced by young wicketkeeper-batsman Rishabh Pant .

BC: He was repeatedly beaten and humiliated, and then he was placed in solitary confinement.
AC: He was repeatedly beaten and humiliated , and then he was placed in solitary confinement .

BC: Jehoiakim was twenty-five years old when he began to reign. and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and he did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh his God.
AC: Jehoiakim was twenty-five years old when he began to reign. and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem : and he did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh his God .

BC: Fortunately, this is not so for all of us.
AC: Fortunately , this is not so for all of us .

BC: But she was very sweet.
AC: But she was very sweet .

BC: (The children of Israel traveled from Beeroth Bene Jaakan to Moserah. There Aaron died, and there he was buried. and Eleazar his son ministered in the priest's office in his place.
AC: ( The children of Israel traveled from Beeroth Bene Jaakan to Moserah . There Aaron died , and there he was buried. and Eleazar his son ministered in the priest 's office in his place .

BC: The Congress leader also raised a sharp criticism against BJP.
AC: The Congress leader also raised a sharp criticism against BJP .

BC: India is a huge carpet.
AC: India is a huge carpet .

BC: The incident occurred in Charla mandal of Bhadradri Kothagudem district.
AC: The incident occurred in Charla mandal of Bhadradri Kothagudem district .

BC: Aditya Birla Capital holds the group's life and health insurance, asset management, private equity, corporate lending, structured finance, broking, wealth management and housing finance businesses.
AC: Aditya Birla Capital holds the group 's life and health insurance , asset management , private equity , corporate lending , structured finance , broking , wealth management and housing finance businesses .

BC: India win the Asia Cup title.
AC: India win the Asia Cup title .

BC: New Delhi, Sep 11: New income tax rules came into effect from September 1, 2019
AC: New Delhi , Sep 11 : New income tax rules came into effect from September 1 , 2019

BC: He said the Government would provide all assistance and cooperation to make the festival a grand success.
AC: He said the Government would provide all assistance and cooperation to make the festival a grand success .

BC: Who are they?
AC: Who are they ?

BC: Was it that difficult?
AC: Was it that difficult ?

BC: Happy Mother's Day to all Mums.
AC: Happy Mother 's Day to all Mums .

BC: However, YCP MP Vijayasay Reddy tweeted about this.
AC: However , YCP MP Vijayasay Reddy tweeted about this .

BC: We don't have medicine.
AC: We don 't have medicine .

BC: "Through a statement signed by him, Roy also appealed to the Supreme Court to allow him to be with his ""ailing mother under house arrest till March 3, 2014"", while adding that he was ready to reach Delhi even today, if court wants him to do so"
AC: " Through a statement signed by him , Roy also appealed to the Supreme Court to allow him to be with his " " ailing mother under house arrest till March 3 , 2014 " , " while adding that he was ready to reach Delhi even today , if court wants him to do so "

BC: She stated that Sushant Singh Rajputs death was a murder' and not a suicide.
AC: She stated that Sushant Singh Rajputs death was a murder ' and not a suicide .

BC: Prasad completed his graduation with a diploma in Ceramic Engineering before entering the film industry.
AC: Prasad completed his graduation with a diploma in Ceramic Engineering before entering the film industry .

BC: It isnt sad.
AC: It isnt sad .

BC: As many as 22 persons were killed in the accident.
AC: As many as 22 persons were killed in the accident .

BC: President Ram Nath Kovind, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Home Minister Amit Shah condoled the loss of lives in the mishap.
AC: President Ram Nath Kovind , Prime Minister Narendra Modi , Home Minister Amit Shah condoled the loss of lives in the mishap .

BC: Egg prices have been rising too.
AC: Egg prices have been rising too .

BC: Apple Inc co-founder Steve Wozniak.
AC: Apple Inc co-founder Steve Wozniak .

BC: However, we are going to wait for the court's decision.
AC: However , we are going to wait for the court 's decision .

BC: Bihar former Chief Minister Jagannath Mishra has passed away in Delhi after prolonged illness.
AC: Bihar former Chief Minister Jagannath Mishra has passed away in Delhi after prolonged illness .

BC: Andhra Pradesh: A total of 156 passengers arrived at the Gannavaram Airport from the UK today morning and were taken to their hometowns on special buses after Covid tests
AC: Andhra Pradesh : A total of 156 passengers arrived at the Gannavaram Airport from the UK today morning and were taken to their hometowns on special buses after Covid tests

BC: He loved Devi back in college.
AC: He loved Devi back in college .

BC: The meeting was intended to cater to the issues related to the Chemicals Petrochemical Industry at the time of COVID-19 pandemic outbreak.
AC: The meeting was intended to cater to the issues related to the Chemicals Petrochemical Industry at the time of COVID-19 pandemic outbreak .

BC: The more RAM you have, the quicker and more powerful your computer is.
AC: The more RAM you have , the quicker and more powerful your computer is .

BC: The rape victim died this morning in a hospital where she was undergoing treatment.
AC: The rape victim died this morning in a hospital where she was undergoing treatment .

BC: And I think that's hard to find sometimes with roles for women.
AC: And I think that 's hard to find sometimes with roles for women .

BC: It seems not.
AC: It seems not .

BC: Municipal officials are not responding over this issue.
AC: Municipal officials are not responding over this issue .

BC: Pawan Kalyan's fans make films on Ram Gopal Varma
AC: Pawan Kalyan 's fans make films on Ram Gopal Varma

BC: What is the attraction?
AC: What is the attraction ?

BC: To know more, read the article below.
AC: To know more , read the article below .

BC: After a spate of hits and misses, Allu Arjun is shining in Tollywood.
AC: After a spate of hits and misses , Allu Arjun is shining in Tollywood .

BC: The film was well received.
AC: The film was well received .

BC: This has not happened till date.
AC: This has not happened till date .

BC: Watch it once.
AC: Watch it once .

BC: So that's really it.
AC: So that 's really it .

BC: No stopping those!
AC: No stopping those !

BC: Widespread rainfall activity very likely along the West CoastWidespread rainfall with isolated heavy to very heavy falls very likely over Northeast, East & adjoining Central India during next 5 daysHeat wave to severe heat wave conditions over West Rajasthan and heat wave conditions over East Rajasthan and Punjab during next 2-3 days
AC: Widespread rainfall activity very likely along the West CoastWidespread rainfall with isolated heavy to very heavy falls very likely over Northeast , East & adjoining Central India during next 5 daysHeat wave to severe heat wave conditions over West Rajasthan and heat wave conditions over East Rajasthan and Punjab during next 2-3 days

BC: In civil matters, there is a right of appeal to the Industrial Court as well.
AC: In civil matters , there is a right of appeal to the Industrial Court as well .

BC: Moreover, brethren, we do you to wit of the grace of God bestowed on the churches of Macedonia.
AC: Moreover , brethren , we do you to wit of the grace of God bestowed on the churches of Macedonia .

BC: Never ever!
AC: Never ever !

BC: Best Debut Director: Ajay Bhupathi (RX 100)
AC: Best Debut Director : Ajay Bhupathi ( RX 100 )

BC: Girls can achieve whatever boys can.
AC: Girls can achieve whatever boys can .

BC: Sachin Tendulkar with his wife Anjali and his son Arjun cast their vote in Bandra.
AC: Sachin Tendulkar with his wife Anjali and his son Arjun cast their vote in Bandra .

BC: These have been the challenges for me.
AC: These have been the challenges for me .

BC: Then it acts as a boundary between Yavatmal district, Chandrapur district and Nanded district of Maharashtra.
AC: Then it acts as a boundary between Yavatmal district , Chandrapur district and Nanded district of Maharashtra .

BC: You have to strive to do that.
AC: You have to strive to do that .

BC: Tennis star Sania Mirza and her Pakistani cricketer husband Shoaib Malik.
AC: Tennis star Sania Mirza and her Pakistani cricketer husband Shoaib Malik .

BC: """Hind"" means India."
AC: " " " Hind " " means India . "

BC: Directed by Radha Krishna Kumar, UV Creations and Gopi Krishna movies bankroll the project.
AC: Directed by Radha Krishna Kumar , UV Creations and Gopi Krishna movies bankroll the project .

BC: We must be prepared to take on the challenges.
AC: We must be prepared to take on the challenges .

BC: Police have recovered a huge cache of arms and ammunition from the spot.
AC: Police have recovered a huge cache of arms and ammunition from the spot .

BC: Expectations over the movie have raised manifold after the release of its teaser.
AC: Expectations over the movie have raised manifold after the release of its teaser .

BC: Pour out your heart to him in prayer because he cares for you.
AC: Pour out your heart to him in prayer because he cares for you .

BC: I did not know of it then.
AC: I did not know of it then .

BC: But I did just that.
AC: But I did just that .

BC: Some are not waiting.
AC: Some are not waiting .

BC: Most of the deaths occurred among children under the age of five.
AC: Most of the deaths occurred among children under the age of five .

BC: Many such incidents are happening.
AC: Many such incidents are happening .

BC: Photos were taken.
AC: Photos were taken .

BC: Police at the spot.
AC: Police at the spot .

BC: Woman -centric?
AC: Woman -centric ?

BC: While engineering entrance exam JEE-Mains is scheduled to be held from July 18 to 23, medical entrance exam NEET is scheduled for July 26
AC: While engineering entrance exam JEE-Mains is scheduled to be held from July 18 to 23 , medical entrance exam NEET is scheduled for July 26

BC: Broadband high-speed internet connectivity restored at 80 government hospitals, including health centres and offices linked to the department of health, across Kashmir, an official said.
AC: Broadband high-speed internet connectivity restored at 80 government hospitals , including health centres and offices linked to the department of health , across Kashmir , an official said .

BC: Yasin's birth name is Ahmad Zarar Siddibaba.
AC: Yasin 's birth name is Ahmad Zarar Siddibaba .

BC: He shall lend to you, and you shall not lend to him: he shall be the head, and you shall be the tail.
AC: He shall lend to you , and you shall not lend to him : he shall be the head , and you shall be the tail .

BC: Earlier, Rhea had moved the top court seeking transfer of the case against her from Patna to Mumbai.
AC: Earlier , Rhea had moved the top court seeking transfer of the case against her from Patna to Mumbai .

BC: Further contagion:
AC: Further contagion :

BC: The land of Israel experiences a hot, dry season during which rain may not fall for several months.
AC: The land of Israel experiences a hot , dry season during which rain may not fall for several months .

BC: But thats a separate conversation.
AC: But thats a separate conversation .

BC: Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings will take on each other in the opening match of the tournament.
AC: Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings will take on each other in the opening match of the tournament .

BC: Apples are not only good for your health, but also for your skin.
AC: Apples are not only good for your health , but also for your skin .

BC: No difference here.
AC: No difference here .

BC: But they were disappointed.
AC: But they were disappointed .

BC: But it has been rising.
AC: But it has been rising .

BC: On knowing about the incident, fire service personnel rushed to the spot and put out the fires.
AC: On knowing about the incident , fire service personnel rushed to the spot and put out the fires .

BC: ( b) What can we learn from the way Abraham handled a problem? ( See opening picture.)
AC: ( b ) What can we learn from the way Abraham handled a problem ? ( See opening picture . )

BC: When former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi asked Rakesh Sharma how India looked from outer space, he said Saare Jahan Se Achcha in response.
AC: When former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi asked Rakesh Sharma how India looked from outer space , he said Saare Jahan Se Achcha in response .

BC: Moves to 38.
AC: Moves to 38 .

BC: They have an absolute majority.
AC: They have an absolute majority .

BC: Reportedly, in West Bengal's Murshidabad, a voter was hacked to death at a polling booth during a conflict between the Congress and Trinamool Congress parties.
AC: Reportedly , in West Bengal 's Murshidabad , a voter was hacked to death at a polling booth during a conflict between the Congress and Trinamool Congress parties .

BC: I am peaceful.
AC: I am peaceful .

BC: Directed by Surender Reddy, this film featured Amitabh Bachchan, Tamannaah, Nayantara, Jagapathi Babu and Vijay Sethupathi.
AC: Directed by Surender Reddy , this film featured Amitabh Bachchan , Tamannaah , Nayantara , Jagapathi Babu and Vijay Sethupathi .

BC: Intermarriage with other inhabitants was a real threat to true worship.
AC: Intermarriage with other inhabitants was a real threat to true worship .

BC: Jack arms himself to face Bob Dennis and his gang.
AC: Jack arms himself to face Bob Dennis and his gang .

BC: He played an innings of 21 runs off 15 balls.
AC: He played an innings of 21 runs off 15 balls .

BC: All rooms have attached bathrooms.
AC: All rooms have attached bathrooms .

BC: According to the weather forecast for Thursday, the Meteorological Centre said heavy rains are likely to occur at isolated places in the city and across the state
AC: According to the weather forecast for Thursday , the Meteorological Centre said heavy rains are likely to occur at isolated places in the city and across the state

BC: The film stars Shah Rukh Khan with Pakistani actress Mahira Khan.
AC: The film stars Shah Rukh Khan with Pakistani actress Mahira Khan .

BC: It hasnt been released.
AC: It hasnt been released .

BC: The Congress was joined in its protest by the Left, TMC and the DMK.
AC: The Congress was joined in its protest by the Left , TMC and the DMK .

BC: The TDP lost power to YSRCP in Andhra Pradesh in the recent elections.
AC: The TDP lost power to YSRCP in Andhra Pradesh in the recent elections .

BC: The film is ready.
AC: The film is ready .

BC: Heat one teaspoon of olive oil in a pan.
AC: Heat one teaspoon of olive oil in a pan .

BC: Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) is under implementation in partnership with Statesto provide drinking water to every rural household of the country
AC: Jal Jeevan Mission ( JJM ) is under implementation in partnership with Statesto provide drinking water to every rural household of the country

BC: What should he be eating?
AC: What should he be eating ?

BC: He was struck by the fact that the combustion products of such nonmetals as sulfur, phosphorus, charcoal, and nitrogen were acidic.
AC: He was struck by the fact that the combustion products of such nonmetals as sulfur , phosphorus , charcoal , and nitrogen were acidic .

BC: Following the complaint by the girl, the police started their investigations.
AC: Following the complaint by the girl , the police started their investigations .

BC: I congratulate Chhattisgarh government for planning an important work and make a beginning among the tribal people that will benefit every corner of India.
AC: I congratulate Chhattisgarh government for planning an important work and make a beginning among the tribal people that will benefit every corner of India .

BC: Some good and some bad.
AC: Some good and some bad .

BC: How To Apply For A Home Loan?
AC: How To Apply For A Home Loan ?

BC: We arent here to do politics.
AC: We arent here to do politics .

BC: This is a common question asked by many people.
AC: This is a common question asked by many people .

BC: japan's arts,musicc,culture were developed.
AC: japan 's arts , musicc , culture were developed .

BC: You will do this?
AC: You will do this ?

BC: Obedience brings happy relations in the family, at the workplace, and with Jehovah
AC: Obedience brings happy relations in the family , at the workplace , and with Jehovah

BC: This is enough.
AC: This is enough .

BC: Heat oven to 180C.
AC: Heat oven to 180C .

BC: He demanded an immediate resignation of the minister.
AC: He demanded an immediate resignation of the minister .

BC: The incident took place in Rastumpur village at Greater Noida.
AC: The incident took place in Rastumpur village at Greater Noida .

BC: It is hers.
AC: It is hers .

BC: degree from Nagpur University.
AC: degree from Nagpur University .

BC: So nothing is impossible.
AC: So nothing is impossible .

BC: The film will be produced by Fox Star Studios and Sangeeta Ahir of Mangal Murti Films.
AC: The film will be produced by Fox Star Studios and Sangeeta Ahir of Mangal Murti Films .

BC: Control diet and exercise.
AC: Control diet and exercise .

BC: Thereafter she got married again.
AC: Thereafter she got married again .

BC: The Delhi Police conducted massive mock drills in the national capital ahead of the Republic Day celebration.
AC: The Delhi Police conducted massive mock drills in the national capital ahead of the Republic Day celebration .

BC: However, this argument was not accepted by the court.
AC: However , this argument was not accepted by the court .

BC: Some network services given the permission of the partial usage of the computer resources to use the network through the computer information of the inter face and also given permission of the SSH for the use of the computers.
AC: Some network services given the permission of the partial usage of the computer resources to use the network through the computer information of the inter face and also given permission of the SSH for the use of the computers .

BC: this ring road of 160kms length on the whole, is estimated to take 4-5 years more to be completed
AC: this ring road of 160kms length on the whole , is estimated to take 4-5 years more to be completed

BC: He later participated in a bike rally.
AC: He later participated in a bike rally .

BC: As people grow, their experiences begin to shape their thoughts and actions.
AC: As people grow , their experiences begin to shape their thoughts and actions .

BC: Mr. Wells, you're not gonna shoot...
AC: Mr. Wells , you 're not gonna shoot ...

BC: Rajinikanth (File Photo)
AC: Rajinikanth ( File Photo )

BC: What kind of animals need fostering?
AC: What kind of animals need fostering ?

BC: I have met Congress president Sonia Gandhi.
AC: I have met Congress president Sonia Gandhi .

BC: Pilots advise ship captains to give sandbanks that stretch beneath the waters a wide berth.
AC: Pilots advise ship captains to give sandbanks that stretch beneath the waters a wide berth .

BC: Of the five victories, four have been achieved in the last six rounds.
AC: Of the five victories , four have been achieved in the last six rounds .

BC: Why do you?
AC: Why do you ?

BC: He has been given three honorary doctorates.
AC: He has been given three honorary doctorates .

BC: Women also participated in the agitation in large numbers.
AC: Women also participated in the agitation in large numbers .

BC: Pooja Hegde is playing the female lead in this movie under the direction of Vamsi Paidipally.
AC: Pooja Hegde is playing the female lead in this movie under the direction of Vamsi Paidipally .

BC: Vengapuram or is a village located in Balijipeta mandalam in Vizianagaram district in Andhra Pradesh State in India.
AC: Vengapuram or is a village located in Balijipeta mandalam in Vizianagaram district in Andhra Pradesh State in India .

BC: I urged them.
AC: I urged them .

BC: The food is spicy and flavourful.
AC: The food is spicy and flavourful .

BC: A new heroine will play the leading lady in the movie.
AC: A new heroine will play the leading lady in the movie .

BC: They wielded power.
AC: They wielded power .

BC: He has his supporters.
AC: He has his supporters .

BC: """Trial of 352 cases have been stayed by the High Courts and this Court,"" said the affidavit."
AC: " " " Trial of 352 cases have been stayed by the High Courts and this Court , " " said the affidavit . "

BC: Director: Govind Nihalani
AC: Director : Govind Nihalani

BC: This has forced the farmers to turn to raising vegetables.
AC: This has forced the farmers to turn to raising vegetables .

BC: he asked with a smile.
AC: he asked with a smile .

BC: He also threatened to kill her in case she told anyone.
AC: He also threatened to kill her in case she told anyone .

BC: Cities were burned down.
AC: Cities were burned down .

BC: In terms of cases, 645 were registered in Krishna district and 367 buses booked in West Godavari district.
AC: In terms of cases , 645 were registered in Krishna district and 367 buses booked in West Godavari district .

BC: He also spoke to the media on the occasion.
AC: He also spoke to the media on the occasion .

BC: Information source:
AC: Information source :

BC: 37 lakh.
AC: 37 lakh .

BC: Help each other.
AC: Help each other .

BC: However, the state government has not released any official notice yet.
AC: However , the state government has not released any official notice yet .

BC: Inflation is on the rise again.
AC: Inflation is on the rise again .

BC: """I am going to India next week."
AC: " " " I am going to India next week . "

BC: Floods posed massive damage.
AC: Floods posed massive damage .

BC: """Migration is an expression of the human aspiration for dignity, safety, and a better future."
AC: " " " Migration is an expression of the human aspiration for dignity , safety , and a better future . "

BC: Butter: 1 tablespoon
AC: Butter : 1 tablespoon

BC: The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Veer Savarkar on his jayanti.
AC: The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Veer Savarkar on his jayanti .

BC: The State Transport buses of Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) serves all villages in the district.
AC: The State Transport buses of Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation ( MSRTC ) serves all villages in the district .

BC: They demanded a ransom amount of Rs 35 lakh.
AC: They demanded a ransom amount of Rs 35 lakh .

BC: The prices of vegetables have also increased drastically.
AC: The prices of vegetables have also increased drastically .

BC: "Addressing a joint press event with Erdogan, Modi said, ""We live in times where our societies face new threats and challenges every day."
AC: " Addressing a joint press event with Erdogan , Modi said , " " We live in times where our societies face new threats and challenges every day . "

BC: With this, they were in severe financial crisis.
AC: With this , they were in severe financial crisis .

BC: However, the Congress had a different take on the occasion.
AC: However , the Congress had a different take on the occasion .

BC: That photo had turned out to be a fake.
AC: That photo had turned out to be a fake .

BC: This will bring you good results.
AC: This will bring you good results .

BC: 6 lakh crore.
AC: 6 lakh crore .

BC: So far, we have completed 60 per cent of the film.
AC: So far , we have completed 60 per cent of the film .

BC: How delightful!
AC: How delightful !

BC: It depends on the season.
AC: It depends on the season .

BC: There are two types of Ghanaian traditional construction: the series of adjacent buildings in an enclosure around a common are common and the traditional round huts with grass roof.
AC: There are two types of Ghanaian traditional construction : the series of adjacent buildings in an enclosure around a common are common and the traditional round huts with grass roof .

BC: In todays world, the role of a woman is going through a change.
AC: In todays world , the role of a woman is going through a change .

BC: Lyca Productions will bankroll the film on a hefty budget.
AC: Lyca Productions will bankroll the film on a hefty budget .

BC: And they stood every man in his place round about the camp: and all the host ran, and cried, and fled.
AC: And they stood every man in his place round about the camp : and all the host ran , and cried , and fled .

BC: Yet, all of us fail to meet Gods standards.
AC: Yet , all of us fail to meet Gods standards .

BC: The film music has been composed by Devi Sri Prasad.
AC: The film music has been composed by Devi Sri Prasad .

BC: (Act 2, Scene 1)
AC: ( Act 2 , Scene 1 )

BC: The body of the girl was found in the well.
AC: The body of the girl was found in the well .

BC: Shall we go back?
AC: Shall we go back ?

BC: The state government had taken several precautionary measures to effectively control the crowd gathering in view of festivals.
AC: The state government had taken several precautionary measures to effectively control the crowd gathering in view of festivals .

BC: Theres one left.
AC: Theres one left .

BC: Almost one lakh people have been shifted to safer places by authorities.
AC: Almost one lakh people have been shifted to safer places by authorities .

BC: The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the function for the release of the book Citizen and Society, written by the Vice-President Shri Hamid Ansari.
AC: The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today attended the function for the release of the book Citizen and Society , written by the Vice-President Shri Hamid Ansari .

BC: The surprising incident took place in Madhya Pradesh.
AC: The surprising incident took place in Madhya Pradesh .

BC: The film is being produced by Ram Charan on a lavish budget of Rs 150 crore.
AC: The film is being produced by Ram Charan on a lavish budget of Rs 150 crore .

BC: This is a hard one.
AC: This is a hard one .

BC: Run out!
AC: Run out !

BC: Usually, several therapies are used in combination.
AC: Usually , several therapies are used in combination .

BC: She was later found in Rajasthan.
AC: She was later found in Rajasthan .

BC: But not many are forthcoming.
AC: But not many are forthcoming .

BC: Number of devotees is also increasing by the day.
AC: Number of devotees is also increasing by the day .

BC: Why did you choose the profession?
AC: Why did you choose the profession ?

BC: U/S 146
AC: U / S 146

BC: So far, Rs.
AC: So far , Rs.

BC: Nevertheless, with his parents support, Ryan was able to endure faithfully.
AC: Nevertheless , with his parents support , Ryan was able to endure faithfully .

BC: It helps in fighting digestive problems.
AC: It helps in fighting digestive problems .

BC: The white colour in the middle is sandwiched by orange on the top and green at the bottom.
AC: The white colour in the middle is sandwiched by orange on the top and green at the bottom .

BC: Lack of rain is the chief reason.
AC: Lack of rain is the chief reason .

BC: Combine all the ingredients together and mix them well.
AC: Combine all the ingredients together and mix them well .

BC: You get to give them back.
AC: You get to give them back .

BC: Are you under pressure?
AC: Are you under pressure ?

BC: Two others are yet to be identified.
AC: Two others are yet to be identified .

BC: and he said to him, 'Take these vessels, go, put them in the temple that is in Jerusalem, and let God's house be built in its place.'
AC: and he said to him , ' Take these vessels , go , put them in the temple that is in Jerusalem , and let God 's house be built in its place . '

BC: The incident has left the local people scared.
AC: The incident has left the local people scared .

BC: Similarly, someone who has grossly neglected his personal study of the Bible may need much help and encouragement to regain his spiritual appetite.
AC: Similarly , someone who has grossly neglected his personal study of the Bible may need much help and encouragement to regain his spiritual appetite .

BC: At that time the Congress was in the Opposition.
AC: At that time the Congress was in the Opposition .

BC: Hyderabad: The Telangana state government has been keeping a close watch on drugs and narcotics operations in the state.
AC: Hyderabad : The Telangana state government has been keeping a close watch on drugs and narcotics operations in the state .

BC: She was immediately operated upon.
AC: She was immediately operated upon .

BC: Lets see now:
AC: Lets see now :

BC: To do that, you would need a few obvious things.
AC: To do that , you would need a few obvious things .

BC: Not once, not twice.
AC: Not once , not twice .

BC: Will there be an elimination tonight?
AC: Will there be an elimination tonight ?

BC: It is on the top left corner of the screen.
AC: It is on the top left corner of the screen .

BC: But nobody opposed that.
AC: But nobody opposed that .

BC: Anil Ravipudi has helmed the film, which is a Dil Raju production.
AC: Anil Ravipudi has helmed the film , which is a Dil Raju production .

BC: Moreover, the temple also served to propagate Vaishnava doctrines
AC: Moreover , the temple also served to propagate Vaishnava doctrines

BC: This will be competing with mid sized sedans such as the Honda City, Hyundai Verna, Ford Fiesta and the Volkswagen Vento
AC: This will be competing with mid sized sedans such as the Honda City , Hyundai Verna , Ford Fiesta and the Volkswagen Vento

BC: But thats not possible.
AC: But thats not possible .

BC: And another minibus is provided for the official peoples work there.
AC: And another minibus is provided for the official peoples work there .

BC: The water level in the Godavari and Krishna rivers are also rising rapidly.
AC: The water level in the Godavari and Krishna rivers are also rising rapidly .

BC: There are problems at work.
AC: There are problems at work .

BC: 50 each.
AC: 50 each .

BC: She said she can't believe Sridevi was no more.
AC: She said she can 't believe Sridevi was no more .

BC: It is gradually improving.
AC: It is gradually improving .

BC: No account closure charges is levied either.
AC: No account closure charges is levied either .

BC: Imam Hussain was the son of Husayn Ibn Ali and the grandson of Prophet Muhammed.
AC: Imam Hussain was the son of Husayn Ibn Ali and the grandson of Prophet Muhammed .

BC: There was also a discussion in Parliament.
AC: There was also a discussion in Parliament .

BC: 14 crores.
AC: 14 crores .

BC: They were difficult.
AC: They were difficult .

BC: Humbly admitting his mistakes and sincerely asking for forgiveness does not humiliate a man. rather, it enhances his reputation.
AC: Humbly admitting his mistakes and sincerely asking for forgiveness does not humiliate a man. rather , it enhances his reputation .

BC: Former president Pranab Mukherjee passes away.
AC: Former president Pranab Mukherjee passes away .

BC: They are called Super-spreaders.
AC: They are called Super-spreaders .

BC: Before 2005, only sons had a share in such property.
AC: Before 2005 , only sons had a share in such property .

BC: The review plea was filed by Shylaja Vijayan, the president of the National Ayyappa Devotees Association.
AC: The review plea was filed by Shylaja Vijayan , the president of the National Ayyappa Devotees Association .

BC: She underwent surgery.
AC: She underwent surgery .

BC: 1 crore to PM Relief Fund.
AC: 1 crore to PM Relief Fund .

BC: If with a clean heart I was given a leaf, flower, fruit, water or any other thing, I accept that and be satisfied.
AC: If with a clean heart I was given a leaf , flower , fruit , water or any other thing , I accept that and be satisfied .

BC: All of them were travelling in a car.
AC: All of them were travelling in a car .

BC: He was admitted to a private hospital in Mumbai last month.
AC: He was admitted to a private hospital in Mumbai last month .

BC: It is growing 15 per cent annually.
AC: It is growing 15 per cent annually .

BC: Where is the fairness?
AC: Where is the fairness ?

BC: This can be achieved through:
AC: This can be achieved through :

BC: What is the secret behind this?
AC: What is the secret behind this ?

BC: I couldnt eat a lot of foods.
AC: I couldnt eat a lot of foods .

BC: MumbaiIndian Navy Chetak helicopter carried out flypast with showering of petals over Kasturba Gandhi hospital and Asvini Naval hospital in Mumbai.
AC: MumbaiIndian Navy Chetak helicopter carried out flypast with showering of petals over Kasturba Gandhi hospital and Asvini Naval hospital in Mumbai .

BC: Then they are fed beef waste from a large meat - packing company. The bank originally bred just the 3 types of crocodiles indigenous to India, but it now has 7 more species and plans eventually to stock all species known worldwide.
AC: Then they are fed beef waste from a large meat - packing company . The bank originally bred just the 3 types of crocodiles indigenous to India , but it now has 7 more species and plans eventually to stock all species known worldwide .

BC: Akhil, Abhijeet, Ariyana, Monal and Avinash were the nominated contestants for the week.
AC: Akhil , Abhijeet , Ariyana , Monal and Avinash were the nominated contestants for the week .

BC: The lowest night temperature was recorded at 4 degree Celsius in Shivpuri.
AC: The lowest night temperature was recorded at 4 degree Celsius in Shivpuri .

BC: Lok Sabha elections: BJP releases first candidate list
AC: Lok Sabha elections : BJP releases first candidate list

BC: Cyclone Nivar has wreaked havoc in parts of Puducherry and Tamil Nadu.
AC: Cyclone Nivar has wreaked havoc in parts of Puducherry and Tamil Nadu .

BC: There is no grin on his face.
AC: There is no grin on his face .

BC: The relationship is very good with China.
AC: The relationship is very good with China .

BC: However, summer temperature can go up to 30 degree Celsius.
AC: However , summer temperature can go up to 30 degree Celsius .

BC: That is why, I would say a good banker can smell a bad loan, Bhasin said, addressing a national seminar on 'Fraud Risk Management - The New Initiatives'.
AC: That is why , I would say a good banker can smell a bad loan , Bhasin said , addressing a national seminar on ' Fraud Risk Management - The New Initiatives ' .

BC: Meghalaya: 139 returnees reached Meghalaya from Haryana
AC: Meghalaya : 139 returnees reached Meghalaya from Haryana

BC: Dances are usually intricate, highly developed traditions throughout Mozambique.
AC: Dances are usually intricate , highly developed traditions throughout Mozambique .

BC: "Ambani said: ""Before Jio, India was stuck with 2G technologyAnd Jio wanted to end Indias data misery and unleash a digital revolution."
AC: " Ambani said : " " Before Jio , India was stuck with 2G technologyAnd Jio wanted to end Indias data misery and unleash a digital revolution . "

BC: Indian politics has changed.
AC: Indian politics has changed .

BC: Karnataka has 98,482 active cases, Andhra Pradesh has 93,204, Tamil Nadu 46,912 and Delhi 28,641
AC: Karnataka has 98,482 active cases , Andhra Pradesh has 93,204 , Tamil Nadu 46,912 and Delhi 28,641

BC: They dont face any inconvenience.
AC: They dont face any inconvenience .

BC: Doctors are trying their best to save their lives.
AC: Doctors are trying their best to save their lives .

BC: Hes a good distraction.
AC: Hes a good distraction .

BC: India recently banned 59 Chinese apps.
AC: India recently banned 59 Chinese apps .

BC: Winning a medal at World Championships is not easy.
AC: Winning a medal at World Championships is not easy .

BC: Senior YSRCP leaders , Party Joint Secretary A Harshavardhan Reddy and Legal Cell President P Sudhakar Reddy jointly submitted a formal complaint to Hyderabad Police Commissioner Anjani Kumar about this.
AC: Senior YSRCP leaders , Party Joint Secretary A Harshavardhan Reddy and Legal Cell President P Sudhakar Reddy jointly submitted a formal complaint to Hyderabad Police Commissioner Anjani Kumar about this .

BC: The Supreme Court has upheld the validity of the Aadhaar Act.
AC: The Supreme Court has upheld the validity of the Aadhaar Act .

BC: The film's shoot started sometime back.
AC: The film 's shoot started sometime back .

BC: He was then joined by opener Rohit Sharma.
AC: He was then joined by opener Rohit Sharma .

BC: I was very impressed with the story.
AC: I was very impressed with the story .

BC: left groping.
AC: left groping .

BC: 20 passengers were injured.
AC: 20 passengers were injured .

BC: Tread cautiously.
AC: Tread cautiously .

BC: And once we have the decision table ready, we can apply the decision table testing that each column becomes a test case.
AC: And once we have the decision table ready , we can apply the decision table testing that each column becomes a test case .

BC: Jehovah became angry, even furious, with Moses.
AC: Jehovah became angry , even furious , with Moses .

BC: Women are women.
AC: Women are women .

BC: Nobody observes it.
AC: Nobody observes it .

BC: The attack resulted in the death of 40 Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) jawans.
AC: The attack resulted in the death of 40 Central Reserve Police Force ( CRPF ) jawans .

BC: It will be available in six different colours.
AC: It will be available in six different colours .

BC: She suffered serious injuries and died on the spot.
AC: She suffered serious injuries and died on the spot .

BC: Qureshi said.
AC: Qureshi said .

BC: Newspapers, television, radio, digital platforms have played a laudable role in spreading the information to remotest parts of the country from towns to villages
AC: Newspapers , television , radio , digital platforms have played a laudable role in spreading the information to remotest parts of the country from towns to villages

BC: I didnt reply.
AC: I didnt reply .

BC: Have you heard the song yet?
AC: Have you heard the song yet ?

BC: Weve written to ICC.
AC: Weve written to ICC .

BC: Telugu cinema is changing fast.
AC: Telugu cinema is changing fast .

BC: 1,900 crore.
AC: 1,900 crore .

BC: Police said the mans body had not been found.
AC: Police said the mans body had not been found .

BC: But we have seen in the last two and a half years that it is possible to deliver quick results in a democratic set up as well.
AC: But we have seen in the last two and a half years that it is possible to deliver quick results in a democratic set up as well .

BC: Efforts were being made to resolve the issue.
AC: Efforts were being made to resolve the issue .

BC: Whats it?
AC: Whats it ?

BC: 125 crores.
AC: 125 crores .

BC: Sridevi's body to reach Mumbai by afternoon
AC: Sridevi 's body to reach Mumbai by afternoon

BC: The team will be aiming to win their first-ever IPL title.
AC: The team will be aiming to win their first-ever IPL title .

BC: The duo added an unbeaten 48-run stand for the third wicket.
AC: The duo added an unbeaten 48-run stand for the third wicket .

BC: The number of coronavirus cases in India have been steadily declining.
AC: The number of coronavirus cases in India have been steadily declining .

BC: The incident took place in Thanes Nandivali.
AC: The incident took place in Thanes Nandivali .

BC: problem is solved.
AC: problem is solved .

BC: Popular messaging app Whatsapp has rolled out new attractive features, which is likely to make life more easy for users.
AC: Popular messaging app Whatsapp has rolled out new attractive features , which is likely to make life more easy for users .

BC: Police has sent the woman for medical examination.
AC: Police has sent the woman for medical examination .

BC: We all have to unite to fight this.
AC: We all have to unite to fight this .

BC: We will win with 150 seats.
AC: We will win with 150 seats .

BC: She was immediately rushed to the hospital and put in intensive care unit.
AC: She was immediately rushed to the hospital and put in intensive care unit .

BC: Purshottama's second daughter Kamala agrees to marry him.
AC: Purshottama 's second daughter Kamala agrees to marry him .

BC: It happened exactly that way.
AC: It happened exactly that way .

BC: We have seen that.
AC: We have seen that .

BC: The charge sheet lists a total of 9 accused including Chidambaram, S Bhaskaraman and four Maxis companies.
AC: The charge sheet lists a total of 9 accused including Chidambaram , S Bhaskaraman and four Maxis companies .

BC: One of them is encroachments.
AC: One of them is encroachments .

BC: Overall, 98.3% of the electoral college voted in these polls.
AC: Overall , 98.3 % of the electoral college voted in these polls .

BC: Earlier the film's teaser was released and was well received.
AC: Earlier the film 's teaser was released and was well received .

BC: Indira Gandhi Government Medical College, Nagpur
AC: Indira Gandhi Government Medical College , Nagpur

BC: Proper diet:
AC: Proper diet :

BC: Unnao rape case: BJP expels its MLA Kuldeep Sengar
AC: Unnao rape case : BJP expels its MLA Kuldeep Sengar

BC: This is the second mass shooting in Texas this month.
AC: This is the second mass shooting in Texas this month .

BC: It was a very funny scene.
AC: It was a very funny scene .

BC: No questions!
AC: No questions !

BC: Here are some details regarding this.
AC: Here are some details regarding this .

BC: Measures for improving roads Infrastructure While presenting the Union Budget 2020-21, the Finance minister said that Accelerated development of highways will be undertaken.
AC: Measures for improving roads Infrastructure While presenting the Union Budget 2020-21 , the Finance minister said that Accelerated development of highways will be undertaken .

BC: Hence it keeps the skin healthy and glowing.
AC: Hence it keeps the skin healthy and glowing .

BC: Food, cooking materials, groceries, milk, fruits and fresh vegetable are also available in the market.
AC: Food , cooking materials , groceries , milk , fruits and fresh vegetable are also available in the market .

BC: Others can help.
AC: Others can help .

BC: Time will tell!
AC: Time will tell !

BC: He said the police was already investigating the case.
AC: He said the police was already investigating the case .

BC: The minimum temperature was 24 degree Celsius.
AC: The minimum temperature was 24 degree Celsius .

BC: The preparations for the event are going at a fast pace.
AC: The preparations for the event are going at a fast pace .

BC: This left fans devastated.
AC: This left fans devastated .

BC: Share your opinions.
AC: Share your opinions .

BC: Six policemen were hurt in the clash.
AC: Six policemen were hurt in the clash .

BC: The first members of the Baha'i Faith to live in the country came from Uganda in 1953.
AC: The first members of the Baha 'i Faith to live in the country came from Uganda in 1953 .

BC: It was a Boeing 737 aircraft that was involved in the crash.
AC: It was a Boeing 737 aircraft that was involved in the crash .

BC: But it doesnt stop there.
AC: But it doesnt stop there .

BC: Thousands of Kisans are protesting at Delhi border points, including Tikri, Singhu and Ghazipur.
AC: Thousands of Kisans are protesting at Delhi border points , including Tikri , Singhu and Ghazipur .

BC: Cook on a low flame.
AC: Cook on a low flame .

BC: The Modi government is implementing the RSS policy.
AC: The Modi government is implementing the RSS policy .

BC: Pakistan PM Imran Khan has denied hand behind Pulwama terror attack stating if there is evidence, his government will act against the culprits.
AC: Pakistan PM Imran Khan has denied hand behind Pulwama terror attack stating if there is evidence , his government will act against the culprits .

BC: This incident took place at Nallaballi village in the Muddanuru Mandal of Kadapa district.
AC: This incident took place at Nallaballi village in the Muddanuru Mandal of Kadapa district .

BC: The answer is, can detect an algorithm error or a programming error, a programmer possibly inter change to variables instead of i he wrote j or maybe he did not implement the algorithm correctly.
AC: The answer is , can detect an algorithm error or a programming error , a programmer possibly inter change to variables instead of i he wrote j or maybe he did not implement the algorithm correctly .

BC: Theres nothing wrong with him.
AC: Theres nothing wrong with him .

BC: Thats exactly what Donald Trump has been doing from the beginning.
AC: Thats exactly what Donald Trump has been doing from the beginning .

BC: The Germans helped by the Italian fascists shortly succeeded in taking control of northern and central Italy.
AC: The Germans helped by the Italian fascists shortly succeeded in taking control of northern and central Italy .

BC: Common raw vegetables (in the culinary sense) used in a salad include cucumbers, peppers, tomatoes, onions, carrots, celery, radishes, mushrooms, avocado, olives, artichoke hearts, heart of palm, watercress, parsley, garden beets, and green beans.
AC: Common raw vegetables ( in the culinary sense ) used in a salad include cucumbers , peppers , tomatoes , onions , carrots , celery , radishes , mushrooms , avocado , olives , artichoke hearts , heart of palm , watercress , parsley , garden beets , and green beans .

BC: Open the lid and let it cool.
AC: Open the lid and let it cool .

BC: Three children were among the dead, officials said.
AC: Three children were among the dead , officials said .

BC: This video is going viral on social media.
AC: This video is going viral on social media .

BC: Match Referees: Chris Broad, David Boon, Andy Pycroft, Jeff Crowe, Ranjan Madugalle, Richie Richardson
AC: Match Referees : Chris Broad , David Boon , Andy Pycroft , Jeff Crowe , Ranjan Madugalle , Richie Richardson

BC: The complete details about the movie will come out soon.
AC: The complete details about the movie will come out soon .

BC: Moreover, he is known to be close to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
AC: Moreover , he is known to be close to Prime Minister Narendra Modi .

BC: Or the system?
AC: Or the system ?

BC: She has lived in Hawaii from the age of three.
AC: She has lived in Hawaii from the age of three .

BC: In case of failure to pay the penalty, six months more imprisonment has been ordered.
AC: In case of failure to pay the penalty , six months more imprisonment has been ordered .

BC: China firmly opposes such behaviour.
AC: China firmly opposes such behaviour .

BC: They covered the aspects of containment measures, contact tracing, surveillance activities, facility-wise case fatality rates, trends in terms of weekly new cases and deaths, etc
AC: They covered the aspects of containment measures , contact tracing , surveillance activities , facility-wise case fatality rates , trends in terms of weekly new cases and deaths , etc

BC: Ravindra Kumar Ray (BJP) asked the government to take initiative to raise the remuneration given to teachers hired for the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan and consider regularisation of their services.
AC: Ravindra Kumar Ray ( BJP ) asked the government to take initiative to raise the remuneration given to teachers hired for the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan and consider regularisation of their services .

BC: He said that more than 30 lakh migrant labor from all over the country returned to their villages in UP in the last few weeks.
AC: He said that more than 30 lakh migrant labor from all over the country returned to their villages in UP in the last few weeks .

BC: Everyone takes a decision together.
AC: Everyone takes a decision together .

BC: let him know that he who turns a sinner from the error of his way will save a soul from death, and will cover a multitude of sins.
AC: let him know that he who turns a sinner from the error of his way will save a soul from death , and will cover a multitude of sins .

BC: However the director says they have not finalised the actors for the film.
AC: However the director says they have not finalised the actors for the film .

BC: But this does not mean that a persons family background determines his course in life.
AC: But this does not mean that a persons family background determines his course in life .

BC: Days later, on January 29, the CBI filed a case and started investigating Choksi and Nirav Modi
AC: Days later , on January 29 , the CBI filed a case and started investigating Choksi and Nirav Modi

BC: The protesters are against the project.
AC: The protesters are against the project .

BC: Former Union Minister and Ranchi MP Subodh Kant Sahay came along with Rajya Sabha MP Sanjeev Kumar.
AC: Former Union Minister and Ranchi MP Subodh Kant Sahay came along with Rajya Sabha MP Sanjeev Kumar .

BC: Pakistan wants peace with India.
AC: Pakistan wants peace with India .

BC: But its not necessarily great cinema.
AC: But its not necessarily great cinema .

BC: So, use it immediately.
AC: So , use it immediately .

BC: Atlast South Africa government achieved some important programmes. But Gandhi had no anger on British.
AC: Atlast South Africa government achieved some important programmes . But Gandhi had no anger on British .

BC: After a rapid courtship, the two married in May 1906.
AC: After a rapid courtship , the two married in May 1906 .

BC: And P is the pressure at any point.
AC: And P is the pressure at any point .

BC: He works for the people.
AC: He works for the people .

BC: It is only Congress for them.
AC: It is only Congress for them .

BC: We depart.
AC: We depart .

BC: He visited Thailand, Nepal, Pakistan, Singapore, Germany, Switzerland, France, the United Kingdom and the United States as a Member of Parliament.
AC: He visited Thailand , Nepal , Pakistan , Singapore , Germany , Switzerland , France , the United Kingdom and the United States as a Member of Parliament .

BC: Mehul Choksi is one of the main accused in the Punjab National Bank (PNB) scam.
AC: Mehul Choksi is one of the main accused in the Punjab National Bank ( PNB ) scam .

BC: And many parents are anxious about the effect the worlds moral decay is having on the ones they love, especially their children.
AC: And many parents are anxious about the effect the worlds moral decay is having on the ones they love , especially their children .

BC: Fire teams reached the spot immediately after receiving the information.
AC: Fire teams reached the spot immediately after receiving the information .

BC: Heres proof...
AC: Heres proof ...

BC: Agriculture is our primary focus.
AC: Agriculture is our primary focus .

BC: Ramesh Kumar has been targeted because he has postponed the local body elections.
AC: Ramesh Kumar has been targeted because he has postponed the local body elections .

BC: India, Japan sign landmark n-agreement
AC: India , Japan sign landmark n-agreement

BC: Format changes:
AC: Format changes :

BC: 5 lakh cash.
AC: 5 lakh cash .

BC: Women were 63.9 per cent likely to be overweight and 57.4 per cent likely to be obese.
AC: Women were 63.9 per cent likely to be overweight and 57.4 per cent likely to be obese .

BC: Three people were killed and another injured in the mishap.
AC: Three people were killed and another injured in the mishap .

BC: Close the window by clicking the cross at the top-right corner of the window.
AC: Close the window by clicking the cross at the top-right corner of the window .

BC: The user has no knowledge about this.
AC: The user has no knowledge about this .

BC: The motorcycle is the brand's first of nine launches confirmed for 2021
AC: The motorcycle is the brand 's first of nine launches confirmed for 2021

BC: Whats up?
AC: Whats up ?

BC: Its not to be understood.
AC: Its not to be understood .

BC: I cannot work.
AC: I cannot work .

BC: Kudos to the girl!
AC: Kudos to the girl !

BC: These were handmade.
AC: These were handmade .

BC: The officials have rushed to the spot to investigate the incident.
AC: The officials have rushed to the spot to investigate the incident .

BC: The following is what they said.
AC: The following is what they said .

BC: When potassium iodide solution reacts with lead(II) nitrate solution, a yellow precipitate of lead(II) iodide is formed.
AC: When potassium iodide solution reacts with lead ( II ) nitrate solution , a yellow precipitate of lead ( II ) iodide is formed .

BC: But this village is different.
AC: But this village is different .

BC: Such incidents have also happened in other countries, including the US, Germany and France.
AC: Such incidents have also happened in other countries , including the US , Germany and France .

BC: It can be operated both automatically and manually.
AC: It can be operated both automatically and manually .

BC: Were the results pre-decided?
AC: Were the results pre-decided ?

BC: Yet she is not happy.
AC: Yet she is not happy .

BC: Remnants of the scavenger army continue to disrupt the operation. They attack our drones at night, and try to kill me during the day. There's still fight in them, but I don't know why.
AC: Remnants of the scavenger army continue to disrupt the operation . They attack our drones at night , and try to kill me during the day . There 's still fight in them , but I don 't know why .

BC: This is very important.
AC: This is very important .

BC: For details: Aarogyapath, a web-based solution for the healthcare supply chain that provides real-time availability of critical supplies launched For details: Submission Deadline for the My Life, My Yoga Video Blogging Contest extended till 21st June, 2020 The last date for submission of the entries for the video blogging contest My Life, My Yoga recently announced by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been extended till 21st June, 2020.
AC: For details : Aarogyapath , a web-based solution for the healthcare supply chain that provides real-time availability of critical supplies launched For details : Submission Deadline for the My Life , My Yoga Video Blogging Contest extended till 21st June , 2020 The last date for submission of the entries for the video blogging contest My Life , My Yoga recently announced by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been extended till 21st June , 2020 .

BC: "We are the ruling the state.....We can do anything we want,"" he said"
AC: " We are the ruling the state ..... We can do anything we want , " " he said "

BC: Facebook-owned WhatsApp has about 400 million users in India.
AC: Facebook-owned WhatsApp has about 400 million users in India .

BC: The media is favouring her.
AC: The media is favouring her .

BC: He also served as a state minister in Maharashtra.
AC: He also served as a state minister in Maharashtra .

BC: What is true about time and personal study? FOR everything there is an appointed time, says the Bible at Ecclesiastes 3: 1.
AC: What is true about time and personal study ? FOR everything there is an appointed time , says the Bible at Ecclesiastes 3 : 1 .

BC: Heavy rainfall has been forecast in some areas.
AC: Heavy rainfall has been forecast in some areas .

BC: The index closed at 7,937 levels.
AC: The index closed at 7,937 levels .

BC: The construction work is going on at a fast pace.
AC: The construction work is going on at a fast pace .

BC: """The PLA violated the previous consensus arrived at during military and diplomatic engagements during the ongoing standoff in eastern Ladakh and carried out provocative military movements to change the status quo,"" a statement from the Army said"
AC: " " " The PLA violated the previous consensus arrived at during military and diplomatic engagements during the ongoing standoff in eastern Ladakh and carried out provocative military movements to change the status quo , " " a statement from the Army said "

BC: They are interlinked and depend on each other.
AC: They are interlinked and depend on each other .

BC: The song was a major hit at the time.
AC: The song was a major hit at the time .

BC: But what I do know?
AC: But what I do know ?

BC: He himself stated it.
AC: He himself stated it .

BC: MLAs, MPs, DMK cadre and Congress functionaries also took part in the event.
AC: MLAs , MPs , DMK cadre and Congress functionaries also took part in the event .

BC: I am told that all the background and logistics have been handled digitally.
AC: I am told that all the background and logistics have been handled digitally .

BC: One person can occupy a station at a time.
AC: One person can occupy a station at a time .

BC: Folder name:
AC: Folder name :

BC: Selection Process: On the basis of the Interview.
AC: Selection Process : On the basis of the Interview .

BC: Masks and sanitisers should be compulsorily used.
AC: Masks and sanitisers should be compulsorily used .

BC: The reactions post the release have been good.
AC: The reactions post the release have been good .

BC: The film has also been dubbed into Tamil.
AC: The film has also been dubbed into Tamil .

BC: Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan is set to take charge as the chairman of the board.
AC: Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan is set to take charge as the chairman of the board .

BC: He likes my father a lot.
AC: He likes my father a lot .

BC: The procedure will take place in two phases.
AC: The procedure will take place in two phases .

BC: Action will be taken against the accused as per law, he said.
AC: Action will be taken against the accused as per law , he said .

BC: So the faster you get it out, the better it is.
AC: So the faster you get it out , the better it is .

BC: Unless you or someone you trust needs to connect to your computer from another device, you should leave visibility off.
AC: Unless you or someone you trust needs to connect to your computer from another device , you should leave visibility off .

BC: Philio: As used in the New Testament, Philio is a response of the human beings when they discover anything which gives joy.
AC: Philio : As used in the New Testament , Philio is a response of the human beings when they discover anything which gives joy .

BC: So we are going.
AC: So we are going .

BC: The date of the wedding has not been decided yet.
AC: The date of the wedding has not been decided yet .

BC: How have they coped with this situation?
AC: How have they coped with this situation ?

BC: Anyone can come.
AC: Anyone can come .

BC: The close members of both families and friends have attended the function.
AC: The close members of both families and friends have attended the function .

BC: A quarter of the Fortune 500 companies have their headquarters in the US.
AC: A quarter of the Fortune 500 companies have their headquarters in the US .

BC: The post office offers an interest rate of 7.3 per cent on deposits in the monthly income scheme (MIS) account.
AC: The post office offers an interest rate of 7.3 per cent on deposits in the monthly income scheme ( MIS ) account .

BC: These subjects are taken over the whole year.
AC: These subjects are taken over the whole year .

BC: They should be punished.
AC: They should be punished .

BC: I havent really thought about films.
AC: I havent really thought about films .

BC: Meanwhile, the indefinite strike by the employees of TSRTC entered the 39th day on Tuesday.
AC: Meanwhile , the indefinite strike by the employees of TSRTC entered the 39th day on Tuesday .

BC: The present generation has a different mindset.
AC: The present generation has a different mindset .

BC: The incident was reported last month.
AC: The incident was reported last month .

BC: So, it was a special status.
AC: So , it was a special status .

BC: As I live, saith the Lord GOD, surely because my flock became a prey, and my flock became meat to every beast of the field, because there was no shepherd, neither did my shepherds search for my flock, but the shepherds fed themselves, and fed not my flock.
AC: As I live , saith the Lord GOD , surely because my flock became a prey , and my flock became meat to every beast of the field , because there was no shepherd , neither did my shepherds search for my flock , but the shepherds fed themselves , and fed not my flock .

BC: It will not cost much.
AC: It will not cost much .

BC: Measures will be taken if necessary.
AC: Measures will be taken if necessary .

BC: We need to be careful on this.
AC: We need to be careful on this .

BC: But the law is not being enforced properly.
AC: But the law is not being enforced properly .

BC: No more pain!
AC: No more pain !

BC: Apple have reportedly been in talks with Foxconn on the possibility of manufacturing iPhone models at their facilities in India.
AC: Apple have reportedly been in talks with Foxconn on the possibility of manufacturing iPhone models at their facilities in India .

BC: She also agreed to it.
AC: She also agreed to it .

BC: It is estimated that around 30 hectares of land have to be acquired for this purpose.
AC: It is estimated that around 30 hectares of land have to be acquired for this purpose .

BC: Accordingly, the Government initiated the process for amendment to Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972.
AC: Accordingly , the Government initiated the process for amendment to Payment of Gratuity Act , 1972 .

BC: Nobody went beyond that.
AC: Nobody went beyond that .

BC: Exit polls have taken the analysis of two booths per assembly constituency.
AC: Exit polls have taken the analysis of two booths per assembly constituency .

BC: It is as much about politics.
AC: It is as much about politics .

BC: Of these, 85 per cent seats will be reserved for Delhi students and 15 per cent for outsiders.
AC: Of these , 85 per cent seats will be reserved for Delhi students and 15 per cent for outsiders .

BC: His children Mahesh Jethmalani and Late Rani Jethmalani are also well-known lawyers.
AC: His children Mahesh Jethmalani and Late Rani Jethmalani are also well-known lawyers .

BC: Thanks to the new drugs, deaths from meningitis, pneumonia, and scarlet fever declined dramatically.
AC: Thanks to the new drugs , deaths from meningitis , pneumonia , and scarlet fever declined dramatically .

BC: But that was once upon a time.
AC: But that was once upon a time .

BC: Return back.
AC: Return back .

BC: Application Amount: Rs.
AC: Application Amount : Rs.

BC: The date of the examination will be announced later.
AC: The date of the examination will be announced later .

BC: Yet I wasnt.
AC: Yet I wasnt .

BC: But this is a reality too.
AC: But this is a reality too .

BC: So much has changed!
AC: So much has changed !

BC: Millions have seen apples falling from trees.
AC: Millions have seen apples falling from trees .

BC: A free, elevated people mover, Metromover, operates 21 stations on three different lines in greater Downtown Miami, with a station at roughly every two blocks of Downtown and Brickell.
AC: A free , elevated people mover , Metromover , operates 21 stations on three different lines in greater Downtown Miami , with a station at roughly every two blocks of Downtown and Brickell .

BC: There are various reasons besides the ones mentioned above.
AC: There are various reasons besides the ones mentioned above .

BC: The situation further deteriorated after a Pakistan military court announced death sentence to former Indian Naval officer Kulbhushan Jadhav.
AC: The situation further deteriorated after a Pakistan military court announced death sentence to former Indian Naval officer Kulbhushan Jadhav .

BC: The River Nagavali also known as Langulya is one of the main rivers of Southern Odisha and Northern Andhra Pradesh States in India, between Rushikulya and Godavari basins.
AC: The River Nagavali also known as Langulya is one of the main rivers of Southern Odisha and Northern Andhra Pradesh States in India , between Rushikulya and Godavari basins .

BC: You are all aware of the huge capital requirements for improving urban infrastructure.
AC: You are all aware of the huge capital requirements for improving urban infrastructure .

BC: If any man's work abide which he hath built thereupon, he shall receive a reward.
AC: If any man 's work abide which he hath built thereupon , he shall receive a reward .

BC: The voting for 90 assembly seats in Haryana is underway.
AC: The voting for 90 assembly seats in Haryana is underway .

BC: This happened during the UPA regime.
AC: This happened during the UPA regime .

BC: I was not satisfied with this.
AC: I was not satisfied with this .

BC: Check these pictures out!
AC: Check these pictures out !

BC: What not to eat?
AC: What not to eat ?

BC: It has four ministers in the cabinet.
AC: It has four ministers in the cabinet .

BC: Nine others were sentenced to life imprisonment.
AC: Nine others were sentenced to life imprisonment .

BC: """I am Yahweh your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage."
AC: " " " I am Yahweh your God , who brought you out of the land of Egypt , out of the house of bondage . "

BC: Good people should come in politics.
AC: Good people should come in politics .

BC: The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief over the demise of Shri MG Vaidya Ji.
AC: The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief over the demise of Shri MG Vaidya Ji .

BC: Thats not on you.
AC: Thats not on you .

BC: The Chief Minister then left the place.
AC: The Chief Minister then left the place .

BC: "For they said, ""Not during the feast, because there might be a riot of the people."""
AC: " For they said , " " Not during the feast , because there might be a riot of the people . " " "

BC: Both teams were...
AC: Both teams were ...

BC: He was cofounder and National President of People's Union for Civil Liberties (PUCL).
AC: He was cofounder and National President of People 's Union for Civil Liberties ( PUCL ) .

BC: The matter was brought into the notice of the police by the girls family.
AC: The matter was brought into the notice of the police by the girls family .

BC: That was about few months ago actually.
AC: That was about few months ago actually .

BC: More than Rs 150 crore.
AC: More than Rs 150 crore .

BC: Internet, cable TV and telephone to be possible via
AC: Internet , cable TV and telephone to be possible via

BC: There was a heavy loss to the property.
AC: There was a heavy loss to the property .

BC: What type of growth is described at Acts 12: 24, and how did this take place?
AC: What type of growth is described at Acts 12 : 24 , and how did this take place ?

BC: Meanwhile, metal prices are also going higher.
AC: Meanwhile , metal prices are also going higher .

BC: %s: Authdir %s does not exist. Aborting.
AC: % s : Authdir % s does not exist . Aborting .

BC: That is not desirable.
AC: That is not desirable .

BC: Check out the new look and feel of Firefox.
AC: Check out the new look and feel of Firefox .

BC: Aloe Vera has antiseptic and antimicrobial properties that soothes the skin.
AC: Aloe Vera has antiseptic and antimicrobial properties that soothes the skin .

BC: The injured have been referred to Raipur for better treatment, he said.
AC: The injured have been referred to Raipur for better treatment , he said .

BC: German luxury vehicle manufacturer Mercedes-Benz has confirmed that its soon-to-be-launched 2021 S-Class model will feature airbags in order to protect rear seat occupants, making it the first vehicle in the world to feature airbags for rear seat passengers
AC: German luxury vehicle manufacturer Mercedes-Benz has confirmed that its soon-to-be-launched 2021 S-Class model will feature airbags in order to protect rear seat occupants , making it the first vehicle in the world to feature airbags for rear seat passengers

BC: On the occasion floral tributes were paid to Sarvepalli Dr Radha Krishnan.
AC: On the occasion floral tributes were paid to Sarvepalli Dr Radha Krishnan .

BC: You always have a choice.
AC: You always have a choice .

BC: No shots had been fired yet.
AC: No shots had been fired yet .

BC: He had committed suicide.
AC: He had committed suicide .

BC: Police said the complaint has been received and investigation started.
AC: Police said the complaint has been received and investigation started .

BC: Peel and cut the potato into narrow strips.
AC: Peel and cut the potato into narrow strips .

BC: The director for the film is yet to be decided.
AC: The director for the film is yet to be decided .

BC: Hiving off health.
AC: Hiving off health .

BC: Other details of the phone will be updated soon.
AC: Other details of the phone will be updated soon .

BC: The 1.2-litre petrol 'dragon-series' engine churns out 'class-leading' power output, compared to its competitors in the segment
AC: The 1.2-litre petrol ' dragon-series ' engine churns out ' class-leading ' power output , compared to its competitors in the segment

BC: Don't wear a skirt.
AC: Don 't wear a skirt .

BC: He alleged that the KCR family exploited emotions of Telangana movement for itself.
AC: He alleged that the KCR family exploited emotions of Telangana movement for itself .

BC: What could she do?
AC: What could she do ?

BC: More on this in the next part.
AC: More on this in the next part .

BC: Will you succeed?
AC: Will you succeed ?

BC: However, it might take some more time.
AC: However , it might take some more time .

BC: Masks are mandatory.
AC: Masks are mandatory .

BC: The district administrations have advised people to avoid venturing out of their houses during heavy rainfall.
AC: The district administrations have advised people to avoid venturing out of their houses during heavy rainfall .

BC: Independent Kiran Sarnaik won Amravati teachers seat.
AC: Independent Kiran Sarnaik won Amravati teachers seat .

BC: Vijay Deverakonda became an acclaimed actor after his role in Arjun Reddy.
AC: Vijay Deverakonda became an acclaimed actor after his role in Arjun Reddy .

BC: It has entered the Guinness Book Of World Records.
AC: It has entered the Guinness Book Of World Records .

BC: It had received mixed reviews.
AC: It had received mixed reviews .

BC: The movie stars Jr NTR and Ram Charan in the lead roles along with Alia Bhatt.
AC: The movie stars Jr NTR and Ram Charan in the lead roles along with Alia Bhatt .

BC: The children were scared.
AC: The children were scared .

BC: Her family alleged that her husband had killed her.
AC: Her family alleged that her husband had killed her .

BC: The Congress-NCP also fought recent Lok Sabha by-polls and legislative council polls in Maharashtra together.
AC: The Congress-NCP also fought recent Lok Sabha by-polls and legislative council polls in Maharashtra together .

BC: He was discharged from the hospital after treatment.
AC: He was discharged from the hospital after treatment .

BC: They were very reluctant at first.
AC: They were very reluctant at first .

BC: This triggered huge resentment.
AC: This triggered huge resentment .

BC: Finally, Paul calls attention to our relationship with fellow Christians as we worship God.
AC: Finally , Paul calls attention to our relationship with fellow Christians as we worship God .

BC: Gabbar Singh is an adaptation of Bollywood movie, Dabangg.
AC: Gabbar Singh is an adaptation of Bollywood movie , Dabangg .

BC: Potato: 3 nos (cooked, mashed)
AC: Potato : 3 nos ( cooked , mashed )

BC: AP Chief Minister YS Jagan Mohan Reddy.
AC: AP Chief Minister YS Jagan Mohan Reddy .

BC: The AAP organised Aapan Purvanchal festival at 300 locations in Delhi in the build up to the Delhi Assembly election.
AC: The AAP organised Aapan Purvanchal festival at 300 locations in Delhi in the build up to the Delhi Assembly election .

BC: Add the chickpeas to a bowl.
AC: Add the chickpeas to a bowl .

BC: Sadly, on April 24, 2004, an accident claimed young Daveys life and that of another young man from the same congregation.
AC: Sadly , on April 24 , 2004 , an accident claimed young Daveys life and that of another young man from the same congregation .

BC: Regulates blood sugar level.
AC: Regulates blood sugar level .

BC: The company is growing.
AC: The company is growing .

BC: If convicted, Musharraf could face a possible death sentence or life imprisonment.
AC: If convicted , Musharraf could face a possible death sentence or life imprisonment .

BC: Marys imperfection affect Jesus?
AC: Marys imperfection affect Jesus ?

BC: A wider aperture, identified by a smaller f-number, allows using a faster shutter speed for the same exposure.
AC: A wider aperture , identified by a smaller f-number , allows using a faster shutter speed for the same exposure .

BC: Peppermint helps in digestion.
AC: Peppermint helps in digestion .

BC: TRUE if the window should receive the input focus when mapped.
AC: TRUE if the window should receive the input focus when mapped .

BC: Plans were made.
AC: Plans were made .

BC: Everybody is watching us.
AC: Everybody is watching us .

BC: Police were deployed on the hospital premises to avoid any untoward incident.
AC: Police were deployed on the hospital premises to avoid any untoward incident .

BC: It is also rich in antioxidants.
AC: It is also rich in antioxidants .

BC: However, she went on to
AC: However , she went on to

BC: Dont know where it is.
AC: Dont know where it is .

BC: Why should I apologize?
AC: Why should I apologize ?

BC: So do not miss.
AC: So do not miss .

BC: Evolution or revolution?
AC: Evolution or revolution ?

BC: The police nabbed the accused.
AC: The police nabbed the accused .

BC: The film will release in Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Kannada languages
AC: The film will release in Hindi , Tamil , Telugu , Malayalam and Kannada languages

BC: Three others are undergoing treatment.
AC: Three others are undergoing treatment .

BC: Fight Fine Fight of Faith, 2 / 15
AC: Fight Fine Fight of Faith , 2 / 15

BC: BJP demands...
AC: BJP demands ...

BC: BJP is trying its luck in 12 constituencies.
AC: BJP is trying its luck in 12 constituencies .

BC: What's the meeting point?
AC: What 's the meeting point ?

BC: How often to check for updates. Value is in seconds.
AC: How often to check for updates . Value is in seconds .

BC: Remember these Bigg Boss contestants?
AC: Remember these Bigg Boss contestants ?

BC: The Interdisciplinary Ayush RD Task Force headed by Dr Bhushan Patvardhan, Vice Chairman, University Grant Commission (UGC), has formulated and designed clinical research protocols for prophylactic studies and add-on interventions in COVID-19 positive cases through thorough review and consultative process of experts of high repute from different organisations across the country for studying four different interventions viz.
AC: The Interdisciplinary Ayush RD Task Force headed by Dr Bhushan Patvardhan , Vice Chairman , University Grant Commission ( UGC ) , has formulated and designed clinical research protocols for prophylactic studies and add-on interventions in COVID-19 positive cases through thorough review and consultative process of experts of high repute from different organisations across the country for studying four different interventions viz .

BC: The awareness campaign was supported by the Vijayawada City Police, and it involved distributing helmets to two-wheeler riders
AC: The awareness campaign was supported by the Vijayawada City Police , and it involved distributing helmets to two-wheeler riders

BC: Some fine photographs were taken of the old workings in 1978.
AC: Some fine photographs were taken of the old workings in 1978 .

BC: Everything will be online.
AC: Everything will be online .

BC: Jawaharlal Nehru was the Prime Minister.
AC: Jawaharlal Nehru was the Prime Minister .

BC: Police arrested them.
AC: Police arrested them .

BC: They informed police and forest department officials who rushed to the spot.
AC: They informed police and forest department officials who rushed to the spot .

BC: The movie releases on Valentines Day.
AC: The movie releases on Valentines Day .

BC: Guidelines have been issued in this regard.
AC: Guidelines have been issued in this regard .

BC: Another 14 people are reported missing.
AC: Another 14 people are reported missing .

BC: Rinse and dry.
AC: Rinse and dry .

BC: Women are fighters!
AC: Women are fighters !

BC: This is an important point.
AC: This is an important point .

BC: The expo got a good response.
AC: The expo got a good response .

BC: Add a little water and cover the pan.
AC: Add a little water and cover the pan .

BC: A provision of Rs 200 crore has been made.
AC: A provision of Rs 200 crore has been made .

BC: Im happy and proud.
AC: Im happy and proud .

BC: The Pakistan Cricket Board expressed disappointment over the decision.
AC: The Pakistan Cricket Board expressed disappointment over the decision .

BC: Thats because there arent very many of them.
AC: Thats because there arent very many of them .

BC: Filmmaker Karan Johar is presenting the Hindi version of the film.
AC: Filmmaker Karan Johar is presenting the Hindi version of the film .

BC: Not only in gold, but silver too.
AC: Not only in gold , but silver too .

BC: The truth that we know and share can impart true freedom to those who accept it. John 8: 32.
AC: The truth that we know and share can impart true freedom to those who accept it . John 8 : 32 .

BC: There was no other intention.
AC: There was no other intention .

BC: coming from ?abroad?.
AC: coming from ? abroad ? .

BC: In despair Sandra attempted to kill herself.
AC: In despair Sandra attempted to kill herself .

BC: Tripura: Total 16 high-risk close contacts of the second patient have been tested negative.
AC: Tripura : Total 16 high-risk close contacts of the second patient have been tested negative .

BC: 38 crore.
AC: 38 crore .

BC: These are caused by germs like viruses, bacteria, parasites and fungi.
AC: These are caused by germs like viruses , bacteria , parasites and fungi .

BC: An official announcement in this regard will be made soon.
AC: An official announcement in this regard will be made soon .

BC: The English one is a good example.
AC: The English one is a good example .

BC: There are changes every year in the exam pattern.
AC: There are changes every year in the exam pattern .

BC: The matter reached the police.
AC: The matter reached the police .

BC: India had blocked an attempt by the Chinese troops to construct a road through the disputed Dokalam plateau.
AC: India had blocked an attempt by the Chinese troops to construct a road through the disputed Dokalam plateau .

BC: Mumbai Indians won the match by wickets.
AC: Mumbai Indians won the match by wickets .

BC: Talking about the recent agriculture reforms, Shri Goyal said that the fact that nearly 10 crore farmers are getting Rs 6,000 per year as a mark of respect for their enormous contribution to making India self-sufficient in food grains
AC: Talking about the recent agriculture reforms , Shri Goyal said that the fact that nearly 10 crore farmers are getting Rs 6,000 per year as a mark of respect for their enormous contribution to making India self-sufficient in food grains

BC: Motera Stadium: All you need to know about world's largest cricket venue
AC: Motera Stadium : All you need to know about world 's largest cricket venue

BC: Stylish star Allu Arjun and Pooja Hegde are busy with forthcoming flick Ala Vaikunthapurramuloo which is being helmed by Trivikram Srinivas.
AC: Stylish star Allu Arjun and Pooja Hegde are busy with forthcoming flick Ala Vaikunthapurramuloo which is being helmed by Trivikram Srinivas .

BC: Why is there no evidence?
AC: Why is there no evidence ?

BC: The police had got the postmortem done and handed over the body of the deceased to the family members.
AC: The police had got the postmortem done and handed over the body of the deceased to the family members .

BC: Pick anything.
AC: Pick anything .

BC: What Can He Do?
AC: What Can He Do ?

BC: Many have died like this.
AC: Many have died like this .

BC: """Spin has always been our strength."
AC: " " " Spin has always been our strength . "

BC: Best wishes to the team, he said.
AC: Best wishes to the team , he said .

BC: He said what he had to say.
AC: He said what he had to say .

BC: He avoids the media.
AC: He avoids the media .

BC: The process developed by the IISc and ISRO team uses urea which can be sourced from human urine and lunar soil as raw materials for construction on the moons surface, it said.
AC: The process developed by the IISc and ISRO team uses urea which can be sourced from human urine and lunar soil as raw materials for construction on the moons surface , it said .

BC: Congress demands that governors of Goa, Meghalaya and Manipur should allow it to form govts as it was the single largest party in all these states.
AC: Congress demands that governors of Goa , Meghalaya and Manipur should allow it to form govts as it was the single largest party in all these states .

BC: Which car should I buy?
AC: Which car should I buy ?

BC: There is no clarity on this.
AC: There is no clarity on this .

BC: More than 25 people were injured.
AC: More than 25 people were injured .

BC: Indias hero of the match was Hitman Rohit Sharma who was aptly adjudged as the Player of the Match.
AC: Indias hero of the match was Hitman Rohit Sharma who was aptly adjudged as the Player of the Match .

BC: The other group opposed it.
AC: The other group opposed it .

BC: What makes it so interesting?
AC: What makes it so interesting ?

BC: The Commission has taken a serious note of this.
AC: The Commission has taken a serious note of this .

BC: Snapdragon 632, Octa Core, 1.8 GHz Processor
AC: Snapdragon 632 , Octa Core , 1.8 GHz Processor

BC: However, that turned out to be a hoax
AC: However , that turned out to be a hoax

BC: She played the role of a temptress in the movie.
AC: She played the role of a temptress in the movie .

BC: Operating systems are found on many devices that contain a computer from cellular phones and video game consoles to web servers and supercomputers.
AC: Operating systems are found on many devices that contain a computer from cellular phones and video game consoles to web servers and supercomputers .

BC: During his youth, he Nizam-ul-Mulk used to accompany his father to military expeditions.
AC: During his youth , he Nizam-ul-Mulk used to accompany his father to military expeditions .

BC: After that he fled.
AC: After that he fled .

BC: He holds two balls in his hands.
AC: He holds two balls in his hands .

BC: Government has taken many decisions for reduction of cane farmers dues.
AC: Government has taken many decisions for reduction of cane farmers dues .

BC: As a result, motorists and pedestrians are greatly inconvenienced.
AC: As a result , motorists and pedestrians are greatly inconvenienced .

BC: The post had gone viral on social media.
AC: The post had gone viral on social media .

BC: Check for allergies.
AC: Check for allergies .

BC: In some Kambala events, the prize money crosses several lakhs.
AC: In some Kambala events , the prize money crosses several lakhs .

BC: A Preferential Trade Agreement (PTA) between India and Chile was signed in March, 2006.
AC: A Preferential Trade Agreement ( PTA ) between India and Chile was signed in March , 2006 .

BC: Water is the most important.
AC: Water is the most important .

BC: "',"" he declared."
AC: " ' , " " he declared . "

BC: The Garinagu settled in Seine Bight, Punta Gorda and Punta Negra, Belize, by way of Honduras as early as 1802.
AC: The Garinagu settled in Seine Bight , Punta Gorda and Punta Negra , Belize , by way of Honduras as early as 1802 .

BC: Singeetam Srinivasa Rao was executive director for the film.
AC: Singeetam Srinivasa Rao was executive director for the film .

BC: Governments are giving bailouts to industries and to corporations.
AC: Governments are giving bailouts to industries and to corporations .

BC: Naidu exuded confidence that TDP would come to power in Telangana state in the next elections.
AC: Naidu exuded confidence that TDP would come to power in Telangana state in the next elections .

BC: There has been a lot of debate around the film.
AC: There has been a lot of debate around the film .

BC: The holy books for Hindus like Bhagawadgita and Vishnu Sahasra Nama stotras are parts of Mahabharata.
AC: The holy books for Hindus like Bhagawadgita and Vishnu Sahasra Nama stotras are parts of Mahabharata .

BC: 63 lakh were ordered.
AC: 63 lakh were ordered .

BC: State transport minister Puvvada Ajay Kumar made it clear that there was no question of merging the TSRTC with the government as the Telangana Rashtra Samithi did not made any such promise in its manifesto.
AC: State transport minister Puvvada Ajay Kumar made it clear that there was no question of merging the TSRTC with the government as the Telangana Rashtra Samithi did not made any such promise in its manifesto .

BC: He shared a few pictures on his Instagram account.
AC: He shared a few pictures on his Instagram account .

BC: He did his PhD in biology from the University of California in Los Angeles.
AC: He did his PhD in biology from the University of California in Los Angeles .

BC: That works.
AC: That works .

BC: However, no agenda has been listed for the meeting.
AC: However , no agenda has been listed for the meeting .

BC: Or is it ur old pic?
AC: Or is it ur old pic ?

BC: "By late 2006, several vendors were offering 42"" LCDs, albeit at a price premium, encroaching on plasma's only stronghold."
AC: " By late 2006 , several vendors were offering 42 " " LCDs , albeit at a price premium , encroaching on plasma 's only stronghold . "

BC: However, the exact amount is not known.
AC: However , the exact amount is not known .

BC: What is a healthy breakfast?
AC: What is a healthy breakfast ?

BC: Subsequently, she was admitted to a private hospital.
AC: Subsequently , she was admitted to a private hospital .

BC: They can be of many types.
AC: They can be of many types .

BC: He has two kids.
AC: He has two kids .

BC: His parents did not.
AC: His parents did not .

BC: As I grew up, my parents tried hard to communicate with me, but there were many things I did not comprehend.
AC: As I grew up , my parents tried hard to communicate with me , but there were many things I did not comprehend .

BC: Take for instance the city of Bengaluru.
AC: Take for instance the city of Bengaluru .

BC: Other sports include soccer, basketball, badminton, Hockey, handball, volleyball, tennis and table-tennis.
AC: Other sports include soccer , basketball , badminton , Hockey , handball , volleyball , tennis and table-tennis .

BC: The gap between the two has narrowed.
AC: The gap between the two has narrowed .

BC: You realize, of course, that they returned to a homeland on the same planet, not somewhere else in the universe.
AC: You realize , of course , that they returned to a homeland on the same planet , not somewhere else in the universe .

BC: It was 8 at night.
AC: It was 8 at night .

BC: The movie is directed by Srinu Vaitla.
AC: The movie is directed by Srinu Vaitla .

BC: Until she left home to marry, not a day went by that we did not pray together with her.
AC: Until she left home to marry , not a day went by that we did not pray together with her .

BC: Hajelas report says while disposing of claims (of those who were excluded in draft NRC), 80 lakh names have been re-verified.
AC: Hajelas report says while disposing of claims ( of those who were excluded in draft NRC ) , 80 lakh names have been re-verified .

BC: Its very simple.
AC: Its very simple .

BC: But is that really possible?
AC: But is that really possible ?

BC: They cannot eat anything.
AC: They cannot eat anything .

BC: He has acted in numerous Tamil and Malayalam movies.
AC: He has acted in numerous Tamil and Malayalam movies .

BC: Brief answers to the big questions numbering 10.
AC: Brief answers to the big questions numbering 10 .

BC: What are the ratios?
AC: What are the ratios ?

BC: Seven, India will experience the largest wave of urbanisation in the world over the next two decades.
AC: Seven , India will experience the largest wave of urbanisation in the world over the next two decades .

BC: The new Ford Mustang is powered by a five-litre V8 engine which churns out a massive 395bhp of peak power, to appeal to performance car enthusiasts across the country
AC: The new Ford Mustang is powered by a five-litre V8 engine which churns out a massive 395bhp of peak power , to appeal to performance car enthusiasts across the country

BC: The High Court verdict was challenged in the Supreme Court.
AC: The High Court verdict was challenged in the Supreme Court .

BC: The Mizoram Assembly has 40 seats.
AC: The Mizoram Assembly has 40 seats .

BC: In Islam it is just the reverse.
AC: In Islam it is just the reverse .

BC: BSP chief Mayawati has urged the Supreme Court to take cognizance.
AC: BSP chief Mayawati has urged the Supreme Court to take cognizance .

BC: And why is the system broken?
AC: And why is the system broken ?

BC: The film's soundtrack was given by A.R.Rahman.
AC: The film 's soundtrack was given by A.R.Rahman.

BC: Both have a political goal.
AC: Both have a political goal .

BC: But in reality, the situation is different.
AC: But in reality , the situation is different .

BC: Though the Lord may give you the bread of adversity and the water of affliction, yet your teachers won't be hidden anymore, but your eyes will see your teachers.
AC: Though the Lord may give you the bread of adversity and the water of affliction , yet your teachers won 't be hidden anymore , but your eyes will see your teachers .

BC: How does it come?
AC: How does it come ?

BC: That is not clear.
AC: That is not clear .

BC: These aspects of his instruction on prayer will be examined in the following article.
AC: These aspects of his instruction on prayer will be examined in the following article .

BC: Driving on the beach is permitted, but obtaining a tow truck would be expensive.
AC: Driving on the beach is permitted , but obtaining a tow truck would be expensive .

BC: This changed when the BJP government came to power.
AC: This changed when the BJP government came to power .

BC: He rented a car instead.
AC: He rented a car instead .

BC: He said India is ready to work with other tiger range countries for the conservation of the big cat.
AC: He said India is ready to work with other tiger range countries for the conservation of the big cat .

BC: are in demand?
AC: are in demand ?

BC: Source: The Great American Peanut
AC: Source : The Great American Peanut

BC: I am coming to India.
AC: I am coming to India .

BC: However, his condition remains to be critical
AC: However , his condition remains to be critical

BC: Slice the onions into rings.
AC: Slice the onions into rings .

BC: God taught his people the Israelites to respect their bodies and to avoid self - mutilation.
AC: God taught his people the Israelites to respect their bodies and to avoid self - mutilation .

BC: She replied with a yes.
AC: She replied with a yes .

BC: Additionally, TRIFED has partnered with the Art of Living Foundations #iStandWithHumanity Initiative with a Stand With Tribal Families component in providing much needed food and ration for survival of the tribal community.
AC: Additionally , TRIFED has partnered with the Art of Living Foundations # iStandWithHumanity Initiative with a Stand With Tribal Families component in providing much needed food and ration for survival of the tribal community .

BC: Girls can come at any time without fear.
AC: Girls can come at any time without fear .

BC: I started business all alone.
AC: I started business all alone .

BC: Krishnadevaraya was the emperor of the Vijayanagara Empire during 15091529.
AC: Krishnadevaraya was the emperor of the Vijayanagara Empire during 15091529 .

BC: I am thankful to my directors and producers that they have given me responsibility to play different characters.
AC: I am thankful to my directors and producers that they have given me responsibility to play different characters .

BC: No, its is not dead.
AC: No , its is not dead .

BC: Will you come up with a third alternative?
AC: Will you come up with a third alternative ?

BC: However, at Rs.
AC: However , at Rs.

BC: BSP considers BJP and Congress as two sides of the same coin.
AC: BSP considers BJP and Congress as two sides of the same coin .

BC: Recently, Pawan Kalyan and wife Anna Lezhneva have been blessed with a baby boy.
AC: Recently , Pawan Kalyan and wife Anna Lezhneva have been blessed with a baby boy .

BC: Thank you, sir.
AC: Thank you , sir .

BC: What you are saying is true.
AC: What you are saying is true .

BC: In a rage, she throws them out.
AC: In a rage , she throws them out .

BC: In 1928 and 1930, more missionaries arrived, and by 1939, three congregations totaling 28 Witnesses had been established.
AC: In 1928 and 1930 , more missionaries arrived , and by 1939 , three congregations totaling 28 Witnesses had been established .

BC: admission process.
AC: admission process .

BC: You need to put in money.
AC: You need to put in money .

BC: It will always be upto them.
AC: It will always be upto them .

BC: However, no information about the processor on board has been divulged yet.
AC: However , no information about the processor on board has been divulged yet .

BC: What say.
AC: What say .

BC: A saying recorded in the Talmud no doubt expressed the feeling of many Jews: May I never set eyes on a Samaritan.
AC: A saying recorded in the Talmud no doubt expressed the feeling of many Jews : May I never set eyes on a Samaritan .

BC: Prakash said.
AC: Prakash said .

BC: But many people do.
AC: But many people do .

BC: They are able to swim alongside their mothers immediately after birth.
AC: They are able to swim alongside their mothers immediately after birth .

BC: regarding this.
AC: regarding this .

BC: Good news for home buyers!
AC: Good news for home buyers !

BC: Perhaps it was destined to happen.
AC: Perhaps it was destined to happen .

BC: Heavy rains have been wreaking havoc in Uttarkhand over the last few days.
AC: Heavy rains have been wreaking havoc in Uttarkhand over the last few days .

BC: That's when I found an open-source file from an architect who designed a pattern that I love.
AC: That 's when I found an open-source file from an architect who designed a pattern that I love .

BC: had then said.
AC: had then said .

BC: Her name is Suzi.
AC: Her name is Suzi .

BC: What was his mistake?
AC: What was his mistake ?

BC: The Constitution is being challenged.
AC: The Constitution is being challenged .

BC: But that's all at home.
AC: But that 's all at home .

BC: They also contain added vitamins and minerals.
AC: They also contain added vitamins and minerals .

BC: Get up quick!
AC: Get up quick !

BC: Several celebrities including actors Nana Patekar, Alok Nath, filmmaker Subhash Ghai, author Chetan Bhagat, singer Kailash Kher and Tamil lyricist Vairamuthu are among the few who have been called out by their alleged victims.
AC: Several celebrities including actors Nana Patekar , Alok Nath , filmmaker Subhash Ghai , author Chetan Bhagat , singer Kailash Kher and Tamil lyricist Vairamuthu are among the few who have been called out by their alleged victims .

BC: He said there was no truth in such reports.
AC: He said there was no truth in such reports .

BC: Its shares had fallen 3.41 percent by midday.
AC: Its shares had fallen 3.41 percent by midday .

BC: The movie was put off for some unknown reasons.
AC: The movie was put off for some unknown reasons .

BC: He was Chief Minister of which state?
AC: He was Chief Minister of which state ?

BC: The rally was of 12 km.
AC: The rally was of 12 km .

BC: He won many prizes for his talent.
AC: He won many prizes for his talent .

BC: The Minister said that India is the leading fish producing nation in the world and second largest in aquaculture production.
AC: The Minister said that India is the leading fish producing nation in the world and second largest in aquaculture production .

BC: How did I get here?
AC: How did I get here ?

BC: Control anger.
AC: Control anger .

BC: up to 100.
AC: up to 100 .

BC: It was also announced that Tamil actor Vijay Sethupathi will be seen playing the lead role in the film.
AC: It was also announced that Tamil actor Vijay Sethupathi will be seen playing the lead role in the film .

BC: Main Line:
AC: Main Line :

BC: This film is in the horror comedy genre.
AC: This film is in the horror comedy genre .

BC: Some are dubious.
AC: Some are dubious .

BC: We're policing.
AC: We 're policing .

BC: Ekiga Configuration Assistant (%d of %d)
AC: Ekiga Configuration Assistant ( % d of % d )

BC: Especially in science technology and innovation.
AC: Especially in science technology and innovation .

BC: This infuriated her.
AC: This infuriated her .

BC: They took most of the plant species to England on their ship.
AC: They took most of the plant species to England on their ship .

BC: Watch TV!
AC: Watch TV !

BC: Whose war is it?
AC: Whose war is it ?

BC: It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations.
AC: It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .

BC: There is nothing higher than that.
AC: There is nothing higher than that .

BC: The Modi government has failed at resolving the problems that are eating away the nation.
AC: The Modi government has failed at resolving the problems that are eating away the nation .

BC: Markets remained closed throughout the day.
AC: Markets remained closed throughout the day .

BC: Great God!
AC: Great God !

BC: He will be questioned again.
AC: He will be questioned again .

BC: So, pregnant women should be very careful.
AC: So , pregnant women should be very careful .

BC: Somnath Bharti faces arrest:Court issues non-bailable warrant, denies anticipatory bail
AC: Somnath Bharti faces arrest : Court issues non-bailable warrant , denies anticipatory bail

BC: I fall asleep.
AC: I fall asleep .

BC: Two of the injured are in a critical condition, doctors said.
AC: Two of the injured are in a critical condition , doctors said .

BC: No more talking.
AC: No more talking .

BC: Listen to me!
AC: Listen to me !

BC: Prohibitory orders were put in place in the police station areas of Nowhatta, Maharaj Gunj, Safakadal, Khanyar and Rainawari, and Hazratbal zone in Srinagar.
AC: Prohibitory orders were put in place in the police station areas of Nowhatta , Maharaj Gunj , Safakadal , Khanyar and Rainawari , and Hazratbal zone in Srinagar .

BC: The film is being simultaneously made in Telugu, Tamil and Malayalam languages.
AC: The film is being simultaneously made in Telugu , Tamil and Malayalam languages .

BC: The summer has begun.
AC: The summer has begun .

BC: E:^ Did not appear on charts until 2005.
AC: E : ^ Did not appear on charts until 2005 .

BC: 10 crore, Rs.
AC: 10 crore , Rs.

BC: 10 games ended in a draw.
AC: 10 games ended in a draw .

BC: Some banks offer special rates to women home loan borrowers.
AC: Some banks offer special rates to women home loan borrowers .

BC: When one of Jehovahs Witnesses visited him, he accepted a Bible study.
AC: When one of Jehovahs Witnesses visited him , he accepted a Bible study .

BC: Want to travel?
AC: Want to travel ?

BC: It was surprising.
AC: It was surprising .

BC: According to the Bible, such a person enjoys peace now with self and with God and will be blessed with everlasting life in the future.
AC: According to the Bible , such a person enjoys peace now with self and with God and will be blessed with everlasting life in the future .

BC: These words show that the evildoer believed that Jesus would rule as King and that the dead would be brought back to life.
AC: These words show that the evildoer believed that Jesus would rule as King and that the dead would be brought back to life .

BC: The film had got stalled again.
AC: The film had got stalled again .

BC: Kohli was given the player of the match award for his match-winning century.
AC: Kohli was given the player of the match award for his match-winning century .

BC: The court had also issued non-bailable warrants against him recently.
AC: The court had also issued non-bailable warrants against him recently .

BC: Music by Mickey J Meyer is truly an asset for this film.
AC: Music by Mickey J Meyer is truly an asset for this film .

BC: On the orders of the CM, Neeraj Kumar is receiving the treatment
AC: On the orders of the CM , Neeraj Kumar is receiving the treatment

BC: I do what I like.
AC: I do what I like .

BC: Everyone should look into, he concludes.
AC: Everyone should look into , he concludes .

BC: You can send photos, videos or files.
AC: You can send photos , videos or files .

BC: What The Love?
AC: What The Love ?

BC: Block it out:
AC: Block it out :

BC: Heads or tails?
AC: Heads or tails ?

BC: Is there a single possible past?
AC: Is there a single possible past ?

BC: Just the backpack weighs around 10 kg.
AC: Just the backpack weighs around 10 kg .

BC: Constructed by the Central Public Works Department (CPWD), the newly-constructed flats are equipped with all modern amenities and cater to the minutest requirements of the MPs.
AC: Constructed by the Central Public Works Department ( CPWD ) , the newly-constructed flats are equipped with all modern amenities and cater to the minutest requirements of the MPs .

BC: After the siesta, we return to the field ministry.
AC: After the siesta , we return to the field ministry .

BC: But thats nothing new.
AC: But thats nothing new .

BC: Haindavi has completed her BTech from CVR college of Engineering at Ibrahimpatnam, Hyderabad.
AC: Haindavi has completed her BTech from CVR college of Engineering at Ibrahimpatnam , Hyderabad .

BC: There is no benefit.
AC: There is no benefit .

BC: Thats not its meaning.
AC: Thats not its meaning .

BC: 100 crore.
AC: 100 crore .

BC: As per current rule, 16-18-year-olds can apply for a licence and are allowed to ride gearless two-wheelers below 50cc
AC: As per current rule , 16-18-year-olds can apply for a licence and are allowed to ride gearless two-wheelers below 50cc

BC: Governor Satya Pal Malik hoisted the tional flag at the Sher-e-Kashmir stadium in Srinagar.
AC: Governor Satya Pal Malik hoisted the tional flag at the Sher-e-Kashmir stadium in Srinagar .

BC: So, how fast is this function going to go?
AC: So , how fast is this function going to go ?

BC: All 14 MLAs of the Congress and one from the NCP stood up against the motion.
AC: All 14 MLAs of the Congress and one from the NCP stood up against the motion .

BC: A meeting with the officials was held.
AC: A meeting with the officials was held .

BC: Others were wounded.
AC: Others were wounded .

BC: Its a law and order problem.
AC: Its a law and order problem .

BC: Why is it so beneficial?
AC: Why is it so beneficial ?

BC: KCR said if TRS won 16 seats, it would play a key role in national politics.
AC: KCR said if TRS won 16 seats , it would play a key role in national politics .

BC: The forensic team said it would gather evidence and prepare a full report soon.
AC: The forensic team said it would gather evidence and prepare a full report soon .

BC: In a separate report on genital HPV infection, 1% of virgin women (1 of 76) with no sexual contact tested positive for HPV, while 10% of virgin women reporting non-penetrative sexual contact were positive (7 of 72).
AC: In a separate report on genital HPV infection , 1 % of virgin women ( 1 of 76 ) with no sexual contact tested positive for HPV , while 10 % of virgin women reporting non-penetrative sexual contact were positive ( 7 of 72 ) .

BC: It is a record in Indian history.
AC: It is a record in Indian history .

BC: Is it that easy?
AC: Is it that easy ?

BC: The film is being made on a huge budget of Rs 300 crore.
AC: The film is being made on a huge budget of Rs 300 crore .

BC: How far, and how wide?
AC: How far , and how wide ?

BC: The Cyberabad Police have arrested the four accused.
AC: The Cyberabad Police have arrested the four accused .

BC: Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau greets US First Lady Melania Trump as she arrives with US President Donald Trump.
AC: Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau greets US First Lady Melania Trump as she arrives with US President Donald Trump .

BC: The reasons can be many.
AC: The reasons can be many .

BC: Rahul Ravindran directed Nagarjuna Akkineni and Rakul Preet Singh in the new movie Manmadhudu 2.
AC: Rahul Ravindran directed Nagarjuna Akkineni and Rakul Preet Singh in the new movie Manmadhudu 2 .

BC: He started his career with theater.
AC: He started his career with theater .

BC: Everyone performed as a team.
AC: Everyone performed as a team .

BC: In this accident two passengers and both the drivers were injured.
AC: In this accident two passengers and both the drivers were injured .

BC: A category:
AC: A category :

BC: He said that the state government will take all the necessary precautions so that such incidents do not reoccur.
AC: He said that the state government will take all the necessary precautions so that such incidents do not reoccur .

BC: Heated arguments ensued between the police and the TDP activists at the spot.
AC: Heated arguments ensued between the police and the TDP activists at the spot .

BC: See videos.
AC: See videos .

BC: Cultivating faith and appreciation for Jehovah in the hearts of others takes months or even years of patient Bible study.
AC: Cultivating faith and appreciation for Jehovah in the hearts of others takes months or even years of patient Bible study .

BC: There are no holidays.
AC: There are no holidays .

BC: Ambati Rayudu played 55 ODIs for India, scoring 1694 runs at an average of 47.05.
AC: Ambati Rayudu played 55 ODIs for India , scoring 1694 runs at an average of 47.05 .

BC: Everyone knows everything.
AC: Everyone knows everything .

BC: Happy Fathers Day.
AC: Happy Fathers Day .

BC: 60 crore.
AC: 60 crore .

BC: I have faced many challenges in life.
AC: I have faced many challenges in life .

BC: The film is still going strong at the box office.
AC: The film is still going strong at the box office .

BC: Government Advisors, secretaries of the departments and heads of the departments participated in the meeting.
AC: Government Advisors , secretaries of the departments and heads of the departments participated in the meeting .

BC: Whos this??
AC: Whos this ? ?

BC: What we are doing..
AC: What we are doing ..

BC: It exists in Deccan, 541 metres above sea level.
AC: It exists in Deccan , 541 metres above sea level .

BC: 50 lakhs in cash.
AC: 50 lakhs in cash .

BC: Both teams met each other four times this season.
AC: Both teams met each other four times this season .

BC: He said it.
AC: He said it .

BC: Huge investments are being made in other projects also.
AC: Huge investments are being made in other projects also .

BC: Congress interim president Sonia Gandhi and former prime minister Manmohan Singh, West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, Madhya Pradesh CM Kamal Nath, Chhattisgarh CM Bhupesh Baghel and DMK chief MK Stalin are among others who have been invited.
AC: Congress interim president Sonia Gandhi and former prime minister Manmohan Singh , West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee , Madhya Pradesh CM Kamal Nath , Chhattisgarh CM Bhupesh Baghel and DMK chief MK Stalin are among others who have been invited .

BC: Madakari Nayaka's son Kasturi Rangappa (1602) succeeded him and consolidated the kingdom to rule peacefully.
AC: Madakari Nayaka 's son Kasturi Rangappa ( 1602 ) succeeded him and consolidated the kingdom to rule peacefully .

BC: But he still was not satisfied.
AC: But he still was not satisfied .

BC: A controversy on the issue was raging at the time.
AC: A controversy on the issue was raging at the time .

BC: Theres no way out.
AC: Theres no way out .

BC: The movie will be directed by Badhaai Ho fame Amit Sharma.
AC: The movie will be directed by Badhaai Ho fame Amit Sharma .

BC: And when those who extort bribes or pay them to gain an unfair advantage go unpunished, few are prepared to swim against the tide.
AC: And when those who extort bribes or pay them to gain an unfair advantage go unpunished , few are prepared to swim against the tide .

BC: Cricketers are waiting to get back on the field.
AC: Cricketers are waiting to get back on the field .

BC: This will enable you to make progress at work.
AC: This will enable you to make progress at work .

BC: Is it caused by climate change?
AC: Is it caused by climate change ?

BC: Aeroparque, in the city of Buenos Aires, is the most important domestic airport.
AC: Aeroparque , in the city of Buenos Aires , is the most important domestic airport .

BC: Lack of sexual desire.
AC: Lack of sexual desire .

BC: The first step is awareness.
AC: The first step is awareness .

BC: Is there a fiery hell?
AC: Is there a fiery hell ?

BC: "Maggie wants the look to be both ""beautiful"" and ""intellectual""."
AC: " Maggie wants the look to be both " " beautiful " " and " " intellectual " . " "

BC: The police has filed a suspicious case of death.
AC: The police has filed a suspicious case of death .

BC: It certainly cannot.
AC: It certainly cannot .

BC: She dreams of being an actor.
AC: She dreams of being an actor .

BC: Viral video:
AC: Viral video :

BC: A day after YSR Congress Party chief YS Jagan Mohan Reddy released from jail, Vijaya Sai Reddy filed a bail petition
AC: A day after YSR Congress Party chief YS Jagan Mohan Reddy released from jail , Vijaya Sai Reddy filed a bail petition

BC: The shooting of the film has just begun.
AC: The shooting of the film has just begun .

BC: China and India have longstanding border disputes.
AC: China and India have longstanding border disputes .

BC: Vitamin D is naturally available only through exposure to sunlight.
AC: Vitamin D is naturally available only through exposure to sunlight .

BC: Rohit Sharma has bridged the gap in the latest ICC Men's ODI rankings after a stupendous run in the league stage of the tournament.
AC: Rohit Sharma has bridged the gap in the latest ICC Men 's ODI rankings after a stupendous run in the league stage of the tournament .

BC: These are all temporary.
AC: These are all temporary .

BC: Many factories and industries have shut down.
AC: Many factories and industries have shut down .

BC: The story is ready.
AC: The story is ready .

BC: There are also financial problems.
AC: There are also financial problems .

BC: Why was it created?
AC: Why was it created ?

BC: These blogs discuss about matters pertaining to justice and law.
AC: These blogs discuss about matters pertaining to justice and law .

BC: And I want to give you the, the, the, advise of always err on the side of legality, and compliance.
AC: And I want to give you the , the , the , advise of always err on the side of legality , and compliance .

BC: 25 lakh crores.
AC: 25 lakh crores .

BC: A Singapore Airlines aircraft takes off at Changi Airport.
AC: A Singapore Airlines aircraft takes off at Changi Airport .

BC: Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and BJP President Amit Shah attended the swearing-in ceremony.
AC: Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and BJP President Amit Shah attended the swearing-in ceremony .

BC: The police has arrested them and registered a case.
AC: The police has arrested them and registered a case .

BC: A five-judge bench of the Supreme Court, headed by Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra, delivered the verdict.
AC: A five-judge bench of the Supreme Court , headed by Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra , delivered the verdict .

BC: 65 crore.
AC: 65 crore .

BC: It was evening then.
AC: It was evening then .

BC: But nobody is above the law.
AC: But nobody is above the law .

BC: It helps in deep cleansing of the skin.
AC: It helps in deep cleansing of the skin .

BC: have a lot of interest in writing.
AC: have a lot of interest in writing .

BC: The package...
AC: The package ...

BC: Former CBI JD Lakshmi Narayana said goodbye to the Jana Sena party.
AC: Former CBI JD Lakshmi Narayana said goodbye to the Jana Sena party .

BC: I wanted to do films.
AC: I wanted to do films .

BC: Team India won the second Test by 257 runs.
AC: Team India won the second Test by 257 runs .

BC: Such people are rare.
AC: Such people are rare .

BC: Two youth on the bike were killed in the accident.
AC: Two youth on the bike were killed in the accident .

BC: Wishing you health, happiness and joy!
AC: Wishing you health , happiness and joy !

BC: That is no consolation to passengers.
AC: That is no consolation to passengers .

BC: Repeat for the desired number of repetitions.
AC: Repeat for the desired number of repetitions .

BC: 10,000 reward.
AC: 10,000 reward .

BC: The film has not only been dubbed in Tamil but also in Telugu.
AC: The film has not only been dubbed in Tamil but also in Telugu .

BC: Piyush Goyal tweeted in response.
AC: Piyush Goyal tweeted in response .

BC: Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO)
AC: Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO )

BC: Mom, where have you been?
AC: Mom , where have you been ?

BC: The Railway Ministry plans to spend more than Five Thousand Crore Rupees during the current year for the same.
AC: The Railway Ministry plans to spend more than Five Thousand Crore Rupees during the current year for the same .

BC: It supports Dolby Audio as well.
AC: It supports Dolby Audio as well .

BC: All of these understood well that whatever talents, assets, or status they enjoyed, their life must revolve, not around their secular careers, but around their service to God.
AC: All of these understood well that whatever talents , assets , or status they enjoyed , their life must revolve , not around their secular careers , but around their service to God .

BC: If she chooses to pray on such an occasion, she should wear a head covering.
AC: If she chooses to pray on such an occasion , she should wear a head covering .

BC: The whole incident was recorded on CCTV cameras.
AC: The whole incident was recorded on CCTV cameras .

BC: Its the truth.
AC: Its the truth .

BC: Over a hundred people have been injured.
AC: Over a hundred people have been injured .

BC: Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) spokesperson Vikas Swarup refused to comment on the issue.
AC: Ministry of External Affairs ( MEA ) spokesperson Vikas Swarup refused to comment on the issue .

BC: Skipper Virat Kohli made two changes to the team.
AC: Skipper Virat Kohli made two changes to the team .

BC: This can be represented by a Klein bottle.
AC: This can be represented by a Klein bottle .

BC: Modi government's corruption crackdown
AC: Modi government 's corruption crackdown

BC: This brings discomfort.
AC: This brings discomfort .

BC: A party has to win 92 seats or more to form a government in Gujarat.
AC: A party has to win 92 seats or more to form a government in Gujarat .

BC: There is a promotional video on the same too.
AC: There is a promotional video on the same too .

BC: To change the attitude.
AC: To change the attitude .

BC: You always have to be ready.
AC: You always have to be ready .

BC: Maddipadu is a village in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
AC: Maddipadu is a village in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .

BC: BJP, Congress, PDP, Peoples Conference, and the National Conference are the prominent parties which will be contesting elections.
AC: BJP , Congress , PDP , Peoples Conference , and the National Conference are the prominent parties which will be contesting elections .

BC: Its fun to do that.
AC: Its fun to do that .

BC: The major agricultural produces in the region are paddy and cotton.
AC: The major agricultural produces in the region are paddy and cotton .

BC: Act responsibly.
AC: Act responsibly .

BC: The people are getting terribly anxious.
AC: The people are getting terribly anxious .

BC: He has just put a photo on Twitter.
AC: He has just put a photo on Twitter .

BC: Varaha Jayanti is also celebrated.
AC: Varaha Jayanti is also celebrated .

BC: Present with me in the programme Gachadhipati Jainacharya Shree Vijay Nityanand Surishwer ji, Acharya Shree Vijay Chidanand Suri ji, Acharya Shree Jayanand Suri ji, guiding forces of the great festival Muni Shree Mokshanand Vijay ji, Shree Ashok Jain ji, Shree Sudhir Mehta ji, Shree Rajkumar ji, Shree Gheesulal ji and all the followers of Acharya Shree Vijay Vallabh Suri ji
AC: Present with me in the programme Gachadhipati Jainacharya Shree Vijay Nityanand Surishwer ji , Acharya Shree Vijay Chidanand Suri ji , Acharya Shree Jayanand Suri ji , guiding forces of the great festival Muni Shree Mokshanand Vijay ji , Shree Ashok Jain ji , Shree Sudhir Mehta ji , Shree Rajkumar ji , Shree Gheesulal ji and all the followers of Acharya Shree Vijay Vallabh Suri ji

BC: """""The Charms of Wikipedia""""."
AC: " " " " " The Charms of Wikipedia " " " . " "

BC: Now they generally accept that there was a beginning to the universe.
AC: Now they generally accept that there was a beginning to the universe .

BC: It has been unequivocally asserted in Parliament that the NRC and the CAB are unrelated.
AC: It has been unequivocally asserted in Parliament that the NRC and the CAB are unrelated .

BC: 20 lakh were stolen.
AC: 20 lakh were stolen .

BC: Speaking on the occasion, Modi
AC: Speaking on the occasion , Modi

BC: Is it safe to consume chicken?
AC: Is it safe to consume chicken ?

BC: Delhi election results: Counting of votes begins
AC: Delhi election results : Counting of votes begins

BC: What is success?
AC: What is success ?

BC: The world has lost an amazingly talented person.
AC: The world has lost an amazingly talented person .

BC: The audience response was fabulous.
AC: The audience response was fabulous .

BC: Shocked to hear of the demise of Irrfan Khan, one of the most exceptional actors of our time.
AC: Shocked to hear of the demise of Irrfan Khan , one of the most exceptional actors of our time .

BC: Thats the theme of our film.
AC: Thats the theme of our film .

BC: We plan to expand to other cities soon.
AC: We plan to expand to other cities soon .

BC: The kids have loved it in particular.
AC: The kids have loved it in particular .

BC: He was studying in St Stephens College in Delhi.
AC: He was studying in St Stephens College in Delhi .

BC: The health department has issued the order in this regard.
AC: The health department has issued the order in this regard .

BC: Focus on health.
AC: Focus on health .

BC: The promotion of the film is expected to begin soon.
AC: The promotion of the film is expected to begin soon .

BC: Landline phones across Kashmir have been restored.
AC: Landline phones across Kashmir have been restored .

BC: The CPI(M) has already made up its mind to tie up with the TDP
AC: The CPI ( M ) has already made up its mind to tie up with the TDP

BC: in two phases.
AC: in two phases .

BC: He will be seen next in the most ambitious project 'RRR' which is being helmed by Rajamouli.
AC: He will be seen next in the most ambitious project ' RRR ' which is being helmed by Rajamouli .

BC: What really happened?
AC: What really happened ?

BC: The Yamaha Ray ZR Street Rally' edition competes against the likes of the Honda Dio, TVS Jupiter, Hero Maestro Edge and the Honda Activa 5G
AC: The Yamaha Ray ZR Street Rally ' edition competes against the likes of the Honda Dio , TVS Jupiter , Hero Maestro Edge and the Honda Activa 5G

BC: However, thousands of new cases were being reported daily.
AC: However , thousands of new cases were being reported daily .

BC: Meetings normally use Robert's Rules of Order.
AC: Meetings normally use Robert 's Rules of Order .

BC: The film is jointly produced by Dil Raju and Ashwini Dutt.
AC: The film is jointly produced by Dil Raju and Ashwini Dutt .

BC: In this incident, two people were killed and three were injured.
AC: In this incident , two people were killed and three were injured .

BC: Should we conclude, then, that these anointed ones want to die?
AC: Should we conclude , then , that these anointed ones want to die ?

BC: 6 lakh owed.
AC: 6 lakh owed .

BC: It cant be done at this stage.
AC: It cant be done at this stage .

BC: HYDERABAD: Telangana High Court has directed the government to issue new notification for conducting of Municipal elections in the state.
AC: HYDERABAD : Telangana High Court has directed the government to issue new notification for conducting of Municipal elections in the state .

BC: The page request is first send to the sick vid caching server front and layer.
AC: The page request is first send to the sick vid caching server front and layer .

BC: This is something no one anticipated.
AC: This is something no one anticipated .

BC: Oil: Two teaspoons
AC: Oil : Two teaspoons

BC: Health Minister Mikhail Murashko said the Gamaleya Institute, a state research facility in Moscow, had completed clinical trials of the vaccine and paperwork is being prepared to register it, Interfax news agency reported.
AC: Health Minister Mikhail Murashko said the Gamaleya Institute , a state research facility in Moscow , had completed clinical trials of the vaccine and paperwork is being prepared to register it , Interfax news agency reported .

BC: But there is one thing to note here.
AC: But there is one thing to note here .

BC: Trinamool Parliamentary delegation detained at Varanasi airport.
AC: Trinamool Parliamentary delegation detained at Varanasi airport .

BC: The film is produced by Rajinikanth's actor son-in-law Dhanush.
AC: The film is produced by Rajinikanth 's actor son-in-law Dhanush .

BC: Add little water and make a soft dough.
AC: Add little water and make a soft dough .

BC: The rape...
AC: The rape ...

BC: The film got a great response.
AC: The film got a great response .

BC: Experience, however, points to the contrary.
AC: Experience , however , points to the contrary .

BC: The first look of the film was revealed recently.
AC: The first look of the film was revealed recently .

BC: 74% of the new confirmed cases are concentrated in 10 States/UTs.
AC: 74 % of the new confirmed cases are concentrated in 10 States / UTs .

BC: Block access to the developer tools.
AC: Block access to the developer tools .

BC: It improves blood circulation.
AC: It improves blood circulation .

BC: Thackeray has been regularly meeting NCP chief Sharad Pawar told hold discussions over various issues, including the coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak, while Congress leaders are not invited to attend these meetings.
AC: Thackeray has been regularly meeting NCP chief Sharad Pawar told hold discussions over various issues , including the coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak , while Congress leaders are not invited to attend these meetings .

BC: Macau Open: Parupalli Kashyap advances, Sameer Verma bows out
AC: Macau Open : Parupalli Kashyap advances , Sameer Verma bows out

BC: She received a B.A. from Kenyon College in 1989.
AC: She received a B.A. from Kenyon College in 1989 .

BC: Rohit Sharma, who opened the innings in Test for team India for the first time was the stand out player of the match.
AC: Rohit Sharma , who opened the innings in Test for team India for the first time was the stand out player of the match .

BC: You have to show that.
AC: You have to show that .

BC: All will be medically examined.
AC: All will be medically examined .

BC: Funeral will be conducted later.
AC: Funeral will be conducted later .

BC: Some of the major Formula 1 teams that have been associated with cigarette brands are Ferrari (Marlboro), Lotus (Gold Leaf), McLaren (West), Honda (British American Tobacco) and Williams F1 (Camel, Rothmans)
AC: Some of the major Formula 1 teams that have been associated with cigarette brands are Ferrari ( Marlboro ) , Lotus ( Gold Leaf ) , McLaren ( West ) , Honda ( British American Tobacco ) and Williams F1 ( Camel , Rothmans )

BC: Theres a small sign in front of it.
AC: Theres a small sign in front of it .

BC: But, its natural.
AC: But , its natural .

BC: It has to begin from childhood.
AC: It has to begin from childhood .

BC: As many as 38 pontoon bridges have been constructed to interconnect the entire temporary district.
AC: As many as 38 pontoon bridges have been constructed to interconnect the entire temporary district .

BC: Firstly, it is one of the very first bird sanctuaries to be established in India with a history that dates back to the period of British rule
AC: Firstly , it is one of the very first bird sanctuaries to be established in India with a history that dates back to the period of British rule

BC: Then add chilli powder, sugar, saunf powder and salt and mix it thoroughly.
AC: Then add chilli powder , sugar , saunf powder and salt and mix it thoroughly .

BC: Search for extensions and themes to add to your collection.
AC: Search for extensions and themes to add to your collection .

BC: HYDERABAD: Telangana High Court has directed the government to issue new notification for conducting of Municipal elections in the state.
AC: HYDERABAD : Telangana High Court has directed the government to issue new notification for conducting of Municipal elections in the state .

BC: The situation in hostels is worse.
AC: The situation in hostels is worse .

BC: There are no spoofs in this film.
AC: There are no spoofs in this film .

BC: I got this flash drive with a list of all the payouts.
AC: I got this flash drive with a list of all the payouts .

BC: The victims were rushed to Eluru government hospital for treatment.
AC: The victims were rushed to Eluru government hospital for treatment .

BC: Opposition leader and former Chief Minister Siddaramaiah, state Congress president Dinesh Gundu Rao and senior party functionaries attended the meeting.
AC: Opposition leader and former Chief Minister Siddaramaiah , state Congress president Dinesh Gundu Rao and senior party functionaries attended the meeting .

BC: India vs Pakistan isnt about the cricket anymore.
AC: India vs Pakistan isnt about the cricket anymore .

BC: This phone has the following features.
AC: This phone has the following features .

BC: Rest of the shooting has been completed.
AC: Rest of the shooting has been completed .

BC: Laughter works wonders.
AC: Laughter works wonders .

BC: This should be expanded.
AC: This should be expanded .

BC: The incident took place in West Godavari district.
AC: The incident took place in West Godavari district .

BC: Even the tender process is yet to be finalised.
AC: Even the tender process is yet to be finalised .

BC: When contacted, the company spokesperson declined to comment.
AC: When contacted , the company spokesperson declined to comment .

BC: In 632 mohammad priest died.
AC: In 632 mohammad priest died .

BC: I am waiting for the film to release.
AC: I am waiting for the film to release .

BC: However there was no response.
AC: However there was no response .

BC: The movie will be produced by Zee Studios, Boney Kapoor, Akash Chawla and Joy Sengupta.
AC: The movie will be produced by Zee Studios , Boney Kapoor , Akash Chawla and Joy Sengupta .

BC: None of the accused has been arrested.
AC: None of the accused has been arrested .

BC: It spread all over the world.
AC: It spread all over the world .

BC: There is also a Shivalingam installed by Lord Rama in the temple, who was doing penance for having killed Ravanaa great patron of fine arts and an ardent follower of Lord Shiva
AC: There is also a Shivalingam installed by Lord Rama in the temple , who was doing penance for having killed Ravanaa great patron of fine arts and an ardent follower of Lord Shiva

BC: Above all else.
AC: Above all else .

BC: There is only one way.
AC: There is only one way .

BC: Maruti Suzuki Swift Sales Cross 23 Lakh Units Mark: Becomes Best-Selling Car Of 2020
AC: Maruti Suzuki Swift Sales Cross 23 Lakh Units Mark : Becomes Best-Selling Car Of 2020

BC: Both factions have reached the Election Commission to stake claim to the party symbol, bicycle.
AC: Both factions have reached the Election Commission to stake claim to the party symbol , bicycle .

BC: The Police found out that the vehicle belonged to one Srinivas Reddy from Rajendranagar who owns a fleet of lorries.
AC: The Police found out that the vehicle belonged to one Srinivas Reddy from Rajendranagar who owns a fleet of lorries .

BC: Honda Mobilio MPV India Launch On 23rd July, 2014
AC: Honda Mobilio MPV India Launch On 23rd July , 2014

BC: 15,999, respectively.
AC: 15,999 , respectively .

BC: But it is not the fact.
AC: But it is not the fact .

BC: America is a nation of immigrants.
AC: America is a nation of immigrants .

BC: What types of food do they eat?
AC: What types of food do they eat ?

BC: Go digital.
AC: Go digital .

BC: 99 crores.
AC: 99 crores .

BC: Police had deployed heavy security.
AC: Police had deployed heavy security .

BC: Women will get 33 per cent reservation in Parliament.
AC: Women will get 33 per cent reservation in Parliament .

BC: Among the protesters were farmers, students, labourers and shopkeepers.
AC: Among the protesters were farmers , students , labourers and shopkeepers .

BC: In the fierce battle both were matched.
AC: In the fierce battle both were matched .

BC: Her heart is frozen.
AC: Her heart is frozen .

BC: He prayed for everyone's good health and happiness.
AC: He prayed for everyone 's good health and happiness .

BC: Similar was the situation with the DIG D Srinivas Varma.
AC: Similar was the situation with the DIG D Srinivas Varma .

BC: But what is the have he needs.
AC: But what is the have he needs .

BC: Vikram Vedha stars R Madhavan and Vijay Sethupathi in the lead roles.
AC: Vikram Vedha stars R Madhavan and Vijay Sethupathi in the lead roles .

BC: It is my decision.
AC: It is my decision .

BC: There will not be any electoral alliance with Congress.
AC: There will not be any electoral alliance with Congress .

BC: And what a fine pattern of humility that was!
AC: And what a fine pattern of humility that was !

BC: This Anushka Sharma's Instagram photo went viral in no time.
AC: This Anushka Sharma 's Instagram photo went viral in no time .

BC: Furthermore, he added that coordination is needed between all the departments.
AC: Furthermore , he added that coordination is needed between all the departments .

BC: (Act 3, Scene 1)
AC: ( Act 3 , Scene 1 )

BC: he questioned angrily.
AC: he questioned angrily .

BC: Repeat at other side.
AC: Repeat at other side .

BC: She is also the only second woman state chief commissioner in India.
AC: She is also the only second woman state chief commissioner in India .

BC: 200 crore, Rs.
AC: 200 crore , Rs.

BC: Therefore, the name.
AC: Therefore , the name .

BC: Police are suspecting that she was raped and murdered.
AC: Police are suspecting that she was raped and murdered .

BC: Oh that I knew where I might find him! that I might come even to his seat!
AC: Oh that I knew where I might find him ! that I might come even to his seat !

BC: """Everything is in our hands."
AC: " " " Everything is in our hands . "

BC: The contentious Act paved the way for granting Indian citizenship to Hindus, Sikhs, Christians, Parsis, Buddhists, Jains from three neighbouring countries Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Pakistan.
AC: The contentious Act paved the way for granting Indian citizenship to Hindus , Sikhs , Christians , Parsis , Buddhists , Jains from three neighbouring countries Afghanistan , Bangladesh and Pakistan .

BC: But according the copy of Baghavath Geetha that is currently in use, Krishan said 574 slokas, Arjun said 84 slokas, Sanjaya said 41 slokas and Dhrutharashtra said 1 sloka
AC: But according the copy of Baghavath Geetha that is currently in use , Krishan said 574 slokas , Arjun said 84 slokas , Sanjaya said 41 slokas and Dhrutharashtra said 1 sloka

BC: "He referred to the Ganges water as the ""water of immortality."""
AC: " He referred to the Ganges water as the " " water of immortality . " " "

BC: The Conference was held in Guwahati last year.
AC: The Conference was held in Guwahati last year .

BC: There are no essentials.
AC: There are no essentials .

BC: After the bifurcation of the state, Congress, is slowly losing its existence in Seemandhra region
AC: After the bifurcation of the state , Congress , is slowly losing its existence in Seemandhra region

BC: This solidarity, unity has made Kashi more magnificent
AC: This solidarity , unity has made Kashi more magnificent

BC: Hes beautiful.
AC: Hes beautiful .

BC: But everyone knew why.
AC: But everyone knew why .

BC: This caused some confusion.
AC: This caused some confusion .

BC: To have peace break out?
AC: To have peace break out ?

BC: Who can I tell?
AC: Who can I tell ?

BC: The Portuguese Governor, upon the request of Akbar, sent him an ambassador to establish friendly relations.
AC: The Portuguese Governor , upon the request of Akbar , sent him an ambassador to establish friendly relations .

BC: This is continuous process.
AC: This is continuous process .

BC: Teaser of the film will be released soon.
AC: Teaser of the film will be released soon .

BC: All were applauding, hugging new friends, and taking the last photos.
AC: All were applauding , hugging new friends , and taking the last photos .

BC: Wash off with warm water.
AC: Wash off with warm water .

BC: The AYUSH Ministry suggested that you should take about 10g (1tsf) Chyavanprash in the morning.
AC: The AYUSH Ministry suggested that you should take about 10g ( 1tsf ) Chyavanprash in the morning .

BC: """We know some people are having trouble accessing the Facebook family of apps."
AC: " " " We know some people are having trouble accessing the Facebook family of apps . "

BC: is the question youth must be asked.
AC: is the question youth must be asked .

BC: We want everyone to be safe.
AC: We want everyone to be safe .

BC: India is a brave country and I have a great relationship with both the leaders -- Pak PM Imran Khan and Indian PM Narendra Modi.
AC: India is a brave country and I have a great relationship with both the leaders -- Pak PM Imran Khan and Indian PM Narendra Modi .

BC: Quirky colors:
AC: Quirky colors :

BC: Why did it die?
AC: Why did it die ?

BC: Vijayaramaraju of Vizianagaram helped him to overcome financial crisis and rebuild his battalion.
AC: Vijayaramaraju of Vizianagaram helped him to overcome financial crisis and rebuild his battalion .

BC: Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu will also be present on the occasion.
AC: Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu will also be present on the occasion .

BC: TDP leaders attacked YSR Congress party leaders.
AC: TDP leaders attacked YSR Congress party leaders .

BC: Director: Jeeva Shankar
AC: Director : Jeeva Shankar

BC: Former president of the Congress' Andhra Pradesh unit Botsa Satyanarayana filed his nomination from Cheepurupalli assembly constituency.
AC: Former president of the Congress ' Andhra Pradesh unit Botsa Satyanarayana filed his nomination from Cheepurupalli assembly constituency .

BC: Thus the two churches we know today came to be.
AC: Thus the two churches we know today came to be .

BC: Detailed boundaries of the land are defined.
AC: Detailed boundaries of the land are defined .

BC: What is the name of this place?
AC: What is the name of this place ?

BC: Irrigate immediately thereafter.
AC: Irrigate immediately thereafter .

BC: Tremors were also reported in Haryana and Punjab.
AC: Tremors were also reported in Haryana and Punjab .

BC: It is the same issue with the BJP.
AC: It is the same issue with the BJP .

BC: As per this, Rs.
AC: As per this , Rs.

BC: Hyderabad records over 300 cases again.
AC: Hyderabad records over 300 cases again .

BC: Janhvi Kapoor shared throwback pictures of her parents Sridevi and Boney Kapoor on Instagram.
AC: Janhvi Kapoor shared throwback pictures of her parents Sridevi and Boney Kapoor on Instagram .

BC: I have two more songs ready and they are to be launched soon.
AC: I have two more songs ready and they are to be launched soon .

BC: Nifty soared 194.55 points or 1.90 per cent to end the session at 10,421.40.
AC: Nifty soared 194.55 points or 1.90 per cent to end the session at 10,421.40 .

BC: degree in political science.
AC: degree in political science .

BC: There is infighting in the Congress.
AC: There is infighting in the Congress .

BC: Every branch will have 60 seats each.
AC: Every branch will have 60 seats each .

BC: 2 lakh in cash.
AC: 2 lakh in cash .

BC: Vijay Mallya outside a court in London.
AC: Vijay Mallya outside a court in London .

BC: Dont forget the vase.
AC: Dont forget the vase .

BC: 'Padmavati' is an epic drama based on the life of Rani Padmavati.
AC: 'Padmavati ' is an epic drama based on the life of Rani Padmavati .

BC: Thats tough!!
AC: Thats tough ! !

BC: Shri Anil Sharma 'Joshi', Vice President, Union Hindi Shikshan Mandal, Agra, Shri G.Sainana, MLA, Secunderabad Cantonment, Shri N.Ramchandra Rao, Hon'ble MLA, Hyderabad, Telangana, Prof.From Central Hindi Institute Headquarter, Agra, Prof.Bina Sharma, Director, Central Hindi Institute, Agra and all members of the Central Hindi Institute family, many scholars from across the country, and students participated in the programme.
AC: Shri Anil Sharma ' Joshi ' , Vice President , Union Hindi Shikshan Mandal , Agra , Shri G.Sainana , MLA , Secunderabad Cantonment , Shri N.Ramchandra Rao , Hon 'ble MLA , Hyderabad , Telangana , Prof.From Central Hindi Institute Headquarter , Agra , Prof.Bina Sharma , Director , Central Hindi Institute , Agra and all members of the Central Hindi Institute family , many scholars from across the country , and students participated in the programme .

BC: It was not taken.
AC: It was not taken .

BC: Farmers have come from different parts of the country.
AC: Farmers have come from different parts of the country .

BC: On the interior, Toyota has updated the cabin of the 2018 Camry Hybrid with new tan coloured upholstery and faux wood trim on the dashboard, steering wheel, armrest and centre console
AC: On the interior , Toyota has updated the cabin of the 2018 Camry Hybrid with new tan coloured upholstery and faux wood trim on the dashboard , steering wheel , armrest and centre console

BC: Relationships will increase.
AC: Relationships will increase .

BC: Candidates should be Indian Nationals.
AC: Candidates should be Indian Nationals .

BC: She was immediately shifted to a nearby hospital.
AC: She was immediately shifted to a nearby hospital .

BC: Joining BJP?
AC: Joining BJP ?

BC: She says to Balakrishna that it is better to reveal the truth and Narasimham will understand them.
AC: She says to Balakrishna that it is better to reveal the truth and Narasimham will understand them .

BC: 26 crore.
AC: 26 crore .

BC: However, the competition is fierce.
AC: However , the competition is fierce .

BC: Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of Indias Rs.
AC: Mumbai : The Reserve Bank of Indias Rs.

BC: In the Amalapuram area, 12 more villages were affected.
AC: In the Amalapuram area , 12 more villages were affected .

BC: It appeals to their good qualities.
AC: It appeals to their good qualities .

BC: Has this already happened to the BJP government?
AC: Has this already happened to the BJP government ?

BC: We only have one life.
AC: We only have one life .

BC: He has earlier served as police commissioner.
AC: He has earlier served as police commissioner .

BC: Details were not disclosed.
AC: Details were not disclosed .

BC: His body was buried in a deserted place there.
AC: His body was buried in a deserted place there .

BC: Executive power of the state is vested in Governor.
AC: Executive power of the state is vested in Governor .

BC: Dont you get the clothes you like to wear?
AC: Dont you get the clothes you like to wear ?

BC: Innocent people suffered in the crossfire between the militants and the security forces.
AC: Innocent people suffered in the crossfire between the militants and the security forces .

BC: The school teachers and parents have also participated in the said function.
AC: The school teachers and parents have also participated in the said function .

BC: Farmers have called a nationwide shutdown on Tuesday, saying they will occupy all highway toll gates across the country and not allow the government to collect tolls as part of the December 8 strike
AC: Farmers have called a nationwide shutdown on Tuesday , saying they will occupy all highway toll gates across the country and not allow the government to collect tolls as part of the December 8 strike

BC: Chinmayanand, along with Mahant Avaidyanath (guru of Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath), formed the 'Ram Mandir Mukti Yagya Samiti' .
AC: Chinmayanand , along with Mahant Avaidyanath ( guru of Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath ) , formed the ' Ram Mandir Mukti Yagya Samiti ' .

BC: """In this accident, 12 passengers of the bus were injured."
AC: " " " In this accident , 12 passengers of the bus were injured . "

BC: In the early 1920s, the first radio stations were established by radio equipment manufacturers and retailers who offered programs in order to sell more radios to consumers.
AC: In the early 1920s , the first radio stations were established by radio equipment manufacturers and retailers who offered programs in order to sell more radios to consumers .

BC: Some of the people who saw the film in cinemas have posted their reviews on Twitter.
AC: Some of the people who saw the film in cinemas have posted their reviews on Twitter .

BC: Hyderabad: Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrashekhar Rao and the Governor Tamilisai Soundararajan , extended Dasara greetings to people of the Telugu states.
AC: Hyderabad : Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrashekhar Rao and the Governor Tamilisai Soundararajan , extended Dasara greetings to people of the Telugu states .

BC: Everyone was frightened.
AC: Everyone was frightened .

BC: I was not bothered.
AC: I was not bothered .

BC: Hardik's brother Krunal Pandya was also present at the party.
AC: Hardik 's brother Krunal Pandya was also present at the party .

BC: Rajesh Kumar works as a taxi driver.
AC: Rajesh Kumar works as a taxi driver .

BC: But they havent received any response yet.
AC: But they havent received any response yet .

BC: Giant tortoises still thrived in North America, with genera like Hesperotestudo.
AC: Giant tortoises still thrived in North America , with genera like Hesperotestudo .

BC: Why comparatively so few?
AC: Why comparatively so few ?

BC: No, it isnt a JNU.
AC: No , it isnt a JNU .

BC: No horror films have been made in Indian cinema till date as this.
AC: No horror films have been made in Indian cinema till date as this .

BC: Tax experts said reduction in the corporate tax would benefit large companies, like Reliance, Tata, Vedanta and Adani, more than medium-sized firms.
AC: Tax experts said reduction in the corporate tax would benefit large companies , like Reliance , Tata , Vedanta and Adani , more than medium-sized firms .

BC: Making decisions. When we make major decisions in life, one way to demonstrate our loyalty to God is by seeking help from his written Word and organization.
AC: Making decisions . When we make major decisions in life , one way to demonstrate our loyalty to God is by seeking help from his written Word and organization .

BC: According to the police, Linganna and Padma had three daughters and a son.
AC: According to the police , Linganna and Padma had three daughters and a son .

BC: There could be health-related problems.
AC: There could be health-related problems .

BC: The woman is an employee of the Punjab National Bank (PNB).
AC: The woman is an employee of the Punjab National Bank ( PNB ) .

BC: PM Narendra Modi and BJP chief Amit Shah addressing the press conference.
AC: PM Narendra Modi and BJP chief Amit Shah addressing the press conference .

BC: Read this to find out.
AC: Read this to find out .

BC: Are you thinking about it?
AC: Are you thinking about it ?

BC: He had been experiencing pain in his neck for quite sometime.
AC: He had been experiencing pain in his neck for quite sometime .

BC: The proposed punishment for level 1 of unruly behaviour would be three months of no flying, for level two a passenger would be put on the no-fly list for two to six months
AC: The proposed punishment for level 1 of unruly behaviour would be three months of no flying , for level two a passenger would be put on the no-fly list for two to six months

BC: It is an important milestone not just for Gift city but for India, in creating 21st century infrastructure.
AC: It is an important milestone not just for Gift city but for India , in creating 21st century infrastructure .

BC: Theres an app for that.
AC: Theres an app for that .

BC: But the film wasnt.
AC: But the film wasnt .

BC: During the four-hour-long battle four Jaish-e-Mohammad terrorists were killed.
AC: During the four-hour-long battle four Jaish-e-Mohammad terrorists were killed .

BC: However, police suspect the family to have committed suicide.
AC: However , police suspect the family to have committed suicide .

BC: The phone has a 3GB RAM.
AC: The phone has a 3GB RAM .

BC: Will Pakistan agree?
AC: Will Pakistan agree ?

BC: You need a lot of patience for it.
AC: You need a lot of patience for it .

BC: This works out to approximately 75 crore people.
AC: This works out to approximately 75 crore people .

BC: Panchkula CBI court rejects Dera Sacha Sauda chief Ram Rahims bail plea.
AC: Panchkula CBI court rejects Dera Sacha Sauda chief Ram Rahims bail plea .

BC: Loyalty to Jehovah includes loyalty to his Word, the Bible.
AC: Loyalty to Jehovah includes loyalty to his Word , the Bible .

BC: But photos from the ceremony werent immediately released.
AC: But photos from the ceremony werent immediately released .

BC: He said the State had taken up many social welfare programmes.
AC: He said the State had taken up many social welfare programmes .

BC: The curfew has been relaxed from 9 am to 4 pm, a police spokesperson said
AC: The curfew has been relaxed from 9 am to 4 pm , a police spokesperson said

BC: But the enquiry did not stop at that.
AC: But the enquiry did not stop at that .

BC: There are two varieties of this species.
AC: There are two varieties of this species .

BC: Srinivas was taken into custody and police are investigating the matter.
AC: Srinivas was taken into custody and police are investigating the matter .

BC: Objections to military service and to certain medical treatments were also covered.
AC: Objections to military service and to certain medical treatments were also covered .

BC: Why has Article 370 not been abolished?
AC: Why has Article 370 not been abolished ?

BC: But experts say that is not the case.
AC: But experts say that is not the case .

BC: The tweet is going viral on social media.
AC: The tweet is going viral on social media .

BC: Any volunteers?
AC: Any volunteers ?

BC: The incident plunged the two families into gloom.
AC: The incident plunged the two families into gloom .

BC: It is antiquated.
AC: It is antiquated .

BC: The smartphone is powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 632 processor.
AC: The smartphone is powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 632 processor .

BC: That was the reason for his success.
AC: That was the reason for his success .

BC: Out of these 735 have recovered while 236 have passed away.
AC: Out of these 735 have recovered while 236 have passed away .

BC: Fire is burning.
AC: Fire is burning .

BC: People change with the passage of time.
AC: People change with the passage of time .

BC: However, nobody responded in this regard.
AC: However , nobody responded in this regard .

BC: This is the age of smartphones.
AC: This is the age of smartphones .

BC: According to reports, the upcoming Auto Expo scheduled for February 2020, will see the launch of the Carnival MPV
AC: According to reports , the upcoming Auto Expo scheduled for February 2020 , will see the launch of the Carnival MPV

BC: He had said he was not guilty.
AC: He had said he was not guilty .

BC: For Christians, this occasion is special.
AC: For Christians , this occasion is special .

BC: Indeed they are.
AC: Indeed they are .

BC: Will bank mergers result in job losses?
AC: Will bank mergers result in job losses ?

BC: This meeting was attended by secretary fertilizers, additional secretary fertilizers ,officers of state Government of Kerala and Orissa and representatives of fertilizers companies.
AC: This meeting was attended by secretary fertilizers , additional secretary fertilizers , officers of state Government of Kerala and Orissa and representatives of fertilizers companies .

BC: The BJP and the Congress are criticising him.
AC: The BJP and the Congress are criticising him .

BC: Unusual people, deeply religious men, men of morals we won't understand.
AC: Unusual people , deeply religious men , men of morals we won 't understand .

BC: The cumulative rainfall in the country during the monsoon season (June to September, 2019) has been 10 higher than Long Period Average (LPA).
AC: The cumulative rainfall in the country during the monsoon season ( June to September , 2019 ) has been 10 higher than Long Period Average ( LPA ) .

BC: Answer: Strings
AC: Answer : Strings

BC: The film is based on the life of Former Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Jayalalithaa.
AC: The film is based on the life of Former Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu , Jayalalithaa .

BC: Air pollution in Delhi is on a deadly level.
AC: Air pollution in Delhi is on a deadly level .

BC: the chief asked.
AC: the chief asked .

BC: It also strengthens the immune system.
AC: It also strengthens the immune system .

BC: He revealed the same via Twitter.
AC: He revealed the same via Twitter .

BC: But this is politics.
AC: But this is politics .

BC: Virat Kohli (captain), Rohit (vice-captain), KL Rahul, Shikhar Dhawan, Shreyas Iyer, Manish Pandey, Rishabh Pant (wicketkeeper), Hardik Pandya, Ravindra Jadeja, Krunal Pandya, Washington Sundar, Rahul Chahar, Khaleel Ahmed, Deepak Chahar, Navdeep Saini
AC: Virat Kohli ( captain ) , Rohit ( vice-captain ) , KL Rahul , Shikhar Dhawan , Shreyas Iyer , Manish Pandey , Rishabh Pant ( wicketkeeper ) , Hardik Pandya , Ravindra Jadeja , Krunal Pandya , Washington Sundar , Rahul Chahar , Khaleel Ahmed , Deepak Chahar , Navdeep Saini

BC: """But what are we going to do?"
AC: " " " But what are we going to do ? "

BC: People have been advised to avoid non-essential travel.
AC: People have been advised to avoid non-essential travel .

BC: Truly, the 20th century has been unique. People, blessed with unprecedented opportunities to enjoy the good life, now find life itself in jeopardy!
AC: Truly , the 20th century has been unique . People , blessed with unprecedented opportunities to enjoy the good life , now find life itself in jeopardy !

BC: The film had earlier been titled 'Matr'.
AC: The film had earlier been titled ' Matr ' .

BC: This resulted in clashes between the two groups.
AC: This resulted in clashes between the two groups .

BC: And the famine was sore in the land.
AC: And the famine was sore in the land .

BC: Senior AAP leader Ashutosh said the Election Commission had never touched this low.
AC: Senior AAP leader Ashutosh said the Election Commission had never touched this low .

BC: These catalyst's are usually expensive and won't be effective in vehicles
AC: These catalyst 's are usually expensive and won 't be effective in vehicles

BC: He said as many as 10 lakh employees would participate in the strike.
AC: He said as many as 10 lakh employees would participate in the strike .

BC: They tried.
AC: They tried .

BC: The accident occurred as the driver was driving the vehicle in the drunken state.
AC: The accident occurred as the driver was driving the vehicle in the drunken state .

BC: Give it time.
AC: Give it time .

BC: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot expressed grief on the deaths.
AC: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot expressed grief on the deaths .

BC: The state government later appointed noted lawyer Ujjwal Nikam as special public prosecutor in the case.
AC: The state government later appointed noted lawyer Ujjwal Nikam as special public prosecutor in the case .

BC: He further asked people to donate blood at least once in a year on their birthday or marriage anniversary to make the occasion special for not only themselves but for the people who need blood also.
AC: He further asked people to donate blood at least once in a year on their birthday or marriage anniversary to make the occasion special for not only themselves but for the people who need blood also .

BC: He also does home work.
AC: He also does home work .

BC: However, the seat-sharing has not been decided yet.
AC: However , the seat-sharing has not been decided yet .

BC: Should I choose it?
AC: Should I choose it ?

BC: Submitting to Jesus teachings as his disciples will give our life real meaning and satisfaction.
AC: Submitting to Jesus teachings as his disciples will give our life real meaning and satisfaction .

BC: Think of congregation elders, circuit overseers, Branch Committee members, and the members of the Governing Body.
AC: Think of congregation elders , circuit overseers , Branch Committee members , and the members of the Governing Body .

BC: Hes very intelligent.
AC: Hes very intelligent .

BC: He had a bullet injury on his chest.
AC: He had a bullet injury on his chest .

BC: There is no logic.
AC: There is no logic .

BC: It should be left to them.
AC: It should be left to them .

BC: The police has registered a case of abduction on the complaint of her father.
AC: The police has registered a case of abduction on the complaint of her father .

BC: This is an unlimited plan.
AC: This is an unlimited plan .

BC: The design is fantastic.
AC: The design is fantastic .

BC: The Taliban had claimed responsibility for that attack.
AC: The Taliban had claimed responsibility for that attack .

BC: We thought people had seen enough stories where families fell apart.
AC: We thought people had seen enough stories where families fell apart .

BC: Arjun will be seen playing a double role in the film.
AC: Arjun will be seen playing a double role in the film .

BC: What do these tests indicate?
AC: What do these tests indicate ?

BC: He was born on October 15, 1931 at Rameshwaram in Tamil Nadu, and died on July 15, 2015, while addressing a seminar at IIM in Shillong
AC: He was born on October 15 , 1931 at Rameshwaram in Tamil Nadu , and died on July 15 , 2015 , while addressing a seminar at IIM in Shillong

BC: Mega Power Star Ram Charan and Young Tiger Jr NTR are playing the lead roles in the film.
AC: Mega Power Star Ram Charan and Young Tiger Jr NTR are playing the lead roles in the film .

BC: PM Modi and President Trump are scheduled to inaugurate Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Stadium in Motera.
AC: PM Modi and President Trump are scheduled to inaugurate Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Stadium in Motera .

BC: God is within each of us.
AC: God is within each of us .

BC: Heavy rainfall likely in Odisha.
AC: Heavy rainfall likely in Odisha .

BC: They have filed complaint with police.
AC: They have filed complaint with police .

BC: And what is the probability of a bug surviving when we apply 3 or 4 or may be 6 filters one after other.
AC: And what is the probability of a bug surviving when we apply 3 or 4 or may be 6 filters one after other .

BC: And the disciples of John and of the Pharisees used to fast: and they come and say unto him, Why do the disciples of John and of the Pharisees fast, but thy disciples fast not?
AC: And the disciples of John and of the Pharisees used to fast : and they come and say unto him , Why do the disciples of John and of the Pharisees fast , but thy disciples fast not ?

BC: Do six repetitions.
AC: Do six repetitions .

BC: We need to talk, write, debate, discuss and deliberate as much as possible on questions relating to the environment.
AC: We need to talk , write , debate , discuss and deliberate as much as possible on questions relating to the environment .

BC: A baby born with three penises?
AC: A baby born with three penises ?

BC: We arent.
AC: We arent .

BC: It also promotes good health.
AC: It also promotes good health .

BC: Its his wife Shobha.
AC: Its his wife Shobha .

BC: The state has 80 Lok Sabha seats.
AC: The state has 80 Lok Sabha seats .

BC: The corporate tax cuts were expected to spur investments.
AC: The corporate tax cuts were expected to spur investments .

BC: The incident blows up Bhavani's avenge and intrigues to eliminate Sankaram & Rajeswari.
AC: The incident blows up Bhavani 's avenge and intrigues to eliminate Sankaram & Rajeswari .

BC: Unto the woman he said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception. in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children. and thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee.
AC: Unto the woman he said , I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception. in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children. and thy desire shall be to thy husband , and he shall rule over thee .

BC: The deadline for acceptance of nomination is 3.00 pm.
AC: The deadline for acceptance of nomination is 3.00 pm .

BC: Excess of heat and over charging results in shortening the life of a battery.
AC: Excess of heat and over charging results in shortening the life of a battery .

BC: The woman was taken to a hospital for a medical examination.
AC: The woman was taken to a hospital for a medical examination .

BC: Mahesh fans are gushing about the film.
AC: Mahesh fans are gushing about the film .

BC: As the Industrial Revolution progressed, machines with metal parts and frames became more common.
AC: As the Industrial Revolution progressed , machines with metal parts and frames became more common .

BC: The police are examining the CCTV footage to trace them.
AC: The police are examining the CCTV footage to trace them .

BC: Be prepared!
AC: Be prepared !

BC: Thanks to the people of Delhi.
AC: Thanks to the people of Delhi .

BC: This is anti-constitutional.
AC: This is anti-constitutional .

BC: Putting the blame on government is not correct.
AC: Putting the blame on government is not correct .

BC: It is not recent. its an old thing.
AC: It is not recent. its an old thing .

BC: The move was made by the administration in compliance with a Supreme Court order.
AC: The move was made by the administration in compliance with a Supreme Court order .

BC: In the 17th century, a long inner coat called a waistcoat came to be worn under the usual long coat.
AC: In the 17th century , a long inner coat called a waistcoat came to be worn under the usual long coat .

BC: The bank rate remained at 6.75 per cent.
AC: The bank rate remained at 6.75 per cent .

BC: This is not going to have an effect.
AC: This is not going to have an effect .

BC: All of his films have been huge commercial success.
AC: All of his films have been huge commercial success .

BC: """I started playing cricket at the age of 15"
AC: " " " I started playing cricket at the age of 15 "

BC: One was Stephen, and the account calls attention to his being a man full of faith and holy spirit.
AC: One was Stephen , and the account calls attention to his being a man full of faith and holy spirit .

BC: That is humungous!
AC: That is humungous !

BC: We will discuss with the Governor.
AC: We will discuss with the Governor .

BC: The car rolled over.
AC: The car rolled over .

BC: India is ready for any situation in Doklam, says Defence Minister Nirmala Sitharaman
AC: India is ready for any situation in Doklam , says Defence Minister Nirmala Sitharaman

BC: However, not everyone agreed with this notion.
AC: However , not everyone agreed with this notion .

BC: That's missing.
AC: That 's missing .

BC: Increasing numbers of them are women, children and elderly people.
AC: Increasing numbers of them are women , children and elderly people .

BC: I don't care about the allegations.
AC: I don 't care about the allegations .

BC: Resolution: %s %s
AC: Resolution : % s % s

BC: We work very hard to earn money.
AC: We work very hard to earn money .

BC: Politics needs to go on all the time.
AC: Politics needs to go on all the time .

BC: Part One chronicles the transformation of a young man full of internal struggle into India's political and spiritual leader.
AC: Part One chronicles the transformation of a young man full of internal struggle into India 's political and spiritual leader .

BC: Besides GoAir, Air Asia, Jet Airways and SpiceJet have all announced cheap flight tickets.
AC: Besides GoAir , Air Asia , Jet Airways and SpiceJet have all announced cheap flight tickets .

BC: 12 thousand crores.
AC: 12 thousand crores .

BC: Mosques were closed.
AC: Mosques were closed .

BC: This film had two things.
AC: This film had two things .

BC: The major lakes in this area are the artificial lake Rapel, the Colbun Maule lagoon and the lagoon of La Laja.
AC: The major lakes in this area are the artificial lake Rapel , the Colbun Maule lagoon and the lagoon of La Laja .

BC: "I can't do it justice."""
AC: " I can 't do it justice . " " "

BC: Actor Sanjay Dutt will be seen essaying the role of an army officer in director Girish Maliks next, titled Torbaaz.
AC: Actor Sanjay Dutt will be seen essaying the role of an army officer in director Girish Maliks next , titled Torbaaz .

BC: "Congress Legislature Party leader Ajay Kumar Lallu alleged that political parties and persons were compared with animals, which is not good and unparliamentary words should be ""expunged"" from proceedings."
AC: " Congress Legislature Party leader Ajay Kumar Lallu alleged that political parties and persons were compared with animals , which is not good and unparliamentary words should be " " expunged " " from proceedings . "

BC: Many of these authors later became important.
AC: Many of these authors later became important .

BC: He connects young people from India and Pakistan, Israel, Iraq and Iran and The US and North Korea through Lets Cross the Borders project
AC: He connects young people from India and Pakistan , Israel , Iraq and Iran and The US and North Korea through Lets Cross the Borders project

BC: Many people died and many others wounded in that incident.
AC: Many people died and many others wounded in that incident .

BC: Leaders present at the protest included TPCC Chief Uttam Kumar Reddy, former PCC chief Ponnala Lakshmaiah, CLP Bhatti Vikramarka, MP Nandi Yellaiah, former ministers Marri Shashidhar Reddy, DK Aruna, Hyderabad Congress party president Anjan Kumar Yadav, Telangana Jana Samithi president Kodandaram, CPI state secretary Chada Venkat Reddy, former MP Aziz Pasha, and others.
AC: Leaders present at the protest included TPCC Chief Uttam Kumar Reddy , former PCC chief Ponnala Lakshmaiah , CLP Bhatti Vikramarka , MP Nandi Yellaiah , former ministers Marri Shashidhar Reddy , DK Aruna , Hyderabad Congress party president Anjan Kumar Yadav , Telangana Jana Samithi president Kodandaram , CPI state secretary Chada Venkat Reddy , former MP Aziz Pasha , and others .

BC: If not .!
AC: If not . !

BC: However, he was taken into custody by police.
AC: However , he was taken into custody by police .

BC: Two others accused in the case were absconding, he said, adding that they would be arrested soon.
AC: Two others accused in the case were absconding , he said , adding that they would be arrested soon .

BC: 56 lakh.
AC: 56 lakh .

BC: According to the ILO, over 21 million people across the world are trapped as forced labour.
AC: According to the ILO , over 21 million people across the world are trapped as forced labour .

BC: That is where the competition comes from.
AC: That is where the competition comes from .

BC: One case of beer contains 12 bottles.
AC: One case of beer contains 12 bottles .

BC: But is this possible?
AC: But is this possible ?

BC: Is high fee justified?
AC: Is high fee justified ?

BC: After a long affair, both of them got married.
AC: After a long affair , both of them got married .

BC: For this cause a man will leave his father and mother, and will join to his wife,
AC: For this cause a man will leave his father and mother , and will join to his wife ,

BC: Microsoft Windows means IBM PC 's Ms-dos one add organisation
AC: Microsoft Windows means IBM PC ' s Ms-dos one add organisation

BC: The Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Hyderabad has invited applications for recruitment to the post of Staff Nurse.
AC: The Indian Institute of Technology ( IIT ) , Hyderabad has invited applications for recruitment to the post of Staff Nurse .

BC: Yet, heres the rub.
AC: Yet , heres the rub .

BC: Both Nokia 7.1 Plus and Nokia 7.1 are expected to feature dual rear camera configurations with Zeiss lenses.
AC: Both Nokia 7.1 Plus and Nokia 7.1 are expected to feature dual rear camera configurations with Zeiss lenses .

BC: Ministry of New and Renewable Energy MNRE issues advisory against fraudulent websites for registration under PM-KUSUM Scheme Ministry of New Renewable Energy ( MNRE) has recently noticed thatfew new websites have cropped up as registration portal for Pradhan Mantri Kisan Urja Suraksha evam Utthaan Mahabhiyan (PM-KUSUM) Scheme.
AC: Ministry of New and Renewable Energy MNRE issues advisory against fraudulent websites for registration under PM-KUSUM Scheme Ministry of New Renewable Energy ( MNRE ) has recently noticed thatfew new websites have cropped up as registration portal for Pradhan Mantri Kisan Urja Suraksha evam Utthaan Mahabhiyan ( PM-KUSUM ) Scheme .

BC: What kind of life would they have without a father?
AC: What kind of life would they have without a father ?

BC: Also, you have to work very hard.
AC: Also , you have to work very hard .

BC: 12 crores.
AC: 12 crores .

BC: How can we show appropriate respect for those whom Jehovah chooses to anoint?
AC: How can we show appropriate respect for those whom Jehovah chooses to anoint ?

BC: Thats what we are trying.
AC: Thats what we are trying .

BC: It is not a commercial film.
AC: It is not a commercial film .

BC: What are the fallouts?
AC: What are the fallouts ?

BC: You shouldnt be scared.
AC: You shouldnt be scared .

BC: Add onions and salt.
AC: Add onions and salt .

BC: I am extremely happy to announce that GSLV Mark 3 successfully injected the Chandrayaan 2 into orbit, ISRO Chairman K Sivan said after the launch, amid cheering from other scientists at the control centre, according to NDTV .
AC: I am extremely happy to announce that GSLV Mark 3 successfully injected the Chandrayaan 2 into orbit , ISRO Chairman K Sivan said after the launch , amid cheering from other scientists at the control centre , according to NDTV .

BC: The engine fires up.
AC: The engine fires up .

BC: It affects our life now and our prospects for the future.
AC: It affects our life now and our prospects for the future .

BC: Its available even online.
AC: Its available even online .

BC: Whats his problem?
AC: Whats his problem ?

BC: Then comes the hangover.
AC: Then comes the hangover .

BC: Scorper is found here.
AC: Scorper is found here .

BC: The police registered a case against the truck driver.
AC: The police registered a case against the truck driver .

BC: Mustard seeds and oil:
AC: Mustard seeds and oil :

BC: He is involved in many violence-related incidents, he said.
AC: He is involved in many violence-related incidents , he said .

BC: The politicians have spoken.
AC: The politicians have spoken .

BC: The movie is directed by Rohan Sippy and features Ayushmann Khurrana and Pooja Salvi in the lead roles.
AC: The movie is directed by Rohan Sippy and features Ayushmann Khurrana and Pooja Salvi in the lead roles .

BC: Why didn't KCR question Sonia Gandhi then on the issue?
AC: Why didn 't KCR question Sonia Gandhi then on the issue ?

BC: Naveen Yerneni, Y Ravishankar, Mohan (CVM) are producing this film in Mythri Movie Makers banner.
AC: Naveen Yerneni , Y Ravishankar , Mohan ( CVM ) are producing this film in Mythri Movie Makers banner .

BC: The body was shifted to Gajapathinagar government hospital for postmortem.
AC: The body was shifted to Gajapathinagar government hospital for postmortem .

BC: 370 crores.
AC: 370 crores .

BC: Ive learnt a lot from my mistakes.
AC: Ive learnt a lot from my mistakes .

BC: They hated her for that.
AC: They hated her for that .

BC: """Thank you, Prime Minister Narendra Modi."
AC: " " " Thank you , Prime Minister Narendra Modi . "

BC: Its the Facebook app.
AC: Its the Facebook app .

BC: Nagarjuna plays a special role in this film.
AC: Nagarjuna plays a special role in this film .

BC: He is a senior leader of Indian National Congress party.
AC: He is a senior leader of Indian National Congress party .

BC: The car got completely burnt.
AC: The car got completely burnt .

BC: He was also the former mayor of Nizamabad.
AC: He was also the former mayor of Nizamabad .

BC: Thousands of vehicles commute on the road everyday.
AC: Thousands of vehicles commute on the road everyday .

BC: Who is responsible for them?
AC: Who is responsible for them ?

BC: The meeting was chaired by party president N Chandrababu Naidu.
AC: The meeting was chaired by party president N Chandrababu Naidu .

BC: Here is his answer.
AC: Here is his answer .

BC: ISRO has spent Rs 450 crore on this project.
AC: ISRO has spent Rs 450 crore on this project .

BC: This makes his history particularly useful (though only from the British and KGL perspective). some of these eyewitness letters were later published by his son, a British Major General (H. T. Siborne).
AC: This makes his history particularly useful ( though only from the British and KGL perspective ) . some of these eyewitness letters were later published by his son , a British Major General ( H. T. Siborne ) .

BC: He said they were ready to make any sacrifice for the cause of the state.
AC: He said they were ready to make any sacrifice for the cause of the state .

BC: Do regular exercise.
AC: Do regular exercise .

BC: The incident took place in Chilkalguda police station limits.
AC: The incident took place in Chilkalguda police station limits .

BC: It is as easy and as excruciatingly hard as that.
AC: It is as easy and as excruciatingly hard as that .

BC: He delivered Divine spiritual messages at many villages and cities of Andhra Pradesh to propagate Jnanayoga (Yoga of Supreme Knowledge) and Bhaktiyoga (Yoga of Devotion).
AC: He delivered Divine spiritual messages at many villages and cities of Andhra Pradesh to propagate Jnanayoga ( Yoga of Supreme Knowledge ) and Bhaktiyoga ( Yoga of Devotion ) .

BC: Kali Ka Tibba, situated on top of a mountain in Chail, is a popular shrine devoted to the Hindu goddess Kali
AC: Kali Ka Tibba , situated on top of a mountain in Chail , is a popular shrine devoted to the Hindu goddess Kali

BC: Electricity, medical facilities, transportation facilities, water supply etc.
AC: Electricity , medical facilities , transportation facilities , water supply etc .

BC: Kazakhstan plane crash: At least 14 people killed, several others injured
AC: Kazakhstan plane crash : At least 14 people killed , several others injured

BC: Later that was also removed.
AC: Later that was also removed .

BC: The pressure becomes high.
AC: The pressure becomes high .

BC: Devi Sri Prasad has rendered the music.
AC: Devi Sri Prasad has rendered the music .

BC: """We still have time till June 3"
AC: " " " We still have time till June 3 "

BC: It was a minor fire.
AC: It was a minor fire .

BC: Today, the development of the people of Jammu and Kashmir is one of the top priorities of our government
AC: Today , the development of the people of Jammu and Kashmir is one of the top priorities of our government

BC: Agriculture land is shrinking.
AC: Agriculture land is shrinking .

BC: It means to go back, to return to home.
AC: It means to go back , to return to home .

BC: I am entitled to it.
AC: I am entitled to it .

BC: Plant the sapling in grow bag or flower pot.
AC: Plant the sapling in grow bag or flower pot .

BC: Lastly, Kawasaki J concept is designed to run not on lithium ion battery pack, but a bespoke GIGACELL' nickel-metal hydride (NiMH) one
AC: Lastly , Kawasaki J concept is designed to run not on lithium ion battery pack , but a bespoke GIGACELL ' nickel-metal hydride ( NiMH ) one

BC: With its tranquil waters and clean air and far away from the city noise, U Lum Sunaraja is the ideal place to spend some time at for weary travellers who are in search for some calm and solace
AC: With its tranquil waters and clean air and far away from the city noise , U Lum Sunaraja is the ideal place to spend some time at for weary travellers who are in search for some calm and solace

BC: The move comes following violence during the Republic Day tractor rally organised by farmers protesting against the Centre's new farm laws.
AC: The move comes following violence during the Republic Day tractor rally organised by farmers protesting against the Centre 's new farm laws .

BC: As of now, the party had paid Rs 47 crores of insurance to the kin of the deceased party workers
AC: As of now , the party had paid Rs 47 crores of insurance to the kin of the deceased party workers

BC: Soon after that, she forayed into Bollywood.
AC: Soon after that , she forayed into Bollywood .

BC: However, she didnt let that affect her career.
AC: However , she didnt let that affect her career .

BC: They have anti fungal, Anti viral and anti bacterial properties.
AC: They have anti fungal , Anti viral and anti bacterial properties .

BC: In Andhra Pradesh, the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) is imploding.
AC: In Andhra Pradesh , the Telugu Desam Party ( TDP ) is imploding .

BC: For details: Ministry of Tourism launches DekhoApnaDesh Logo Design Contest The Ministry of Tourism has launched the DekhoApnaDesh logo design contest on the MyGov platform.
AC: For details : Ministry of Tourism launches DekhoApnaDesh Logo Design Contest The Ministry of Tourism has launched the DekhoApnaDesh logo design contest on the MyGov platform .

BC: Welcome Centre staff provide assistance and information about free services in many languages.
AC: Welcome Centre staff provide assistance and information about free services in many languages .

BC: "I assure people of Karnataka that BJP is committed to fulfil their aspirations."""
AC: " I assure people of Karnataka that BJP is committed to fulfil their aspirations . " " "

BC: I learn something new with every film.
AC: I learn something new with every film .

BC: "I pray that those hospitalised make a speedy recovery,"" Rahul Gandhi said in his tweet."
AC: " I pray that those hospitalised make a speedy recovery , " " Rahul Gandhi said in his tweet . "

BC: There have been 866 deaths in the state so far.
AC: There have been 866 deaths in the state so far .

BC: I will do it again.
AC: I will do it again .

BC: The apex court directed that the survivor, her mother and other members of the family be provided security by the CRPF and an officer of the level of commandant will file a compliance report.
AC: The apex court directed that the survivor , her mother and other members of the family be provided security by the CRPF and an officer of the level of commandant will file a compliance report .

BC: The information is incorrect.
AC: The information is incorrect .

BC: An international seminar will also be organised.
AC: An international seminar will also be organised .

BC: In many places in Kerala, shops and commercial establishments remained shut.
AC: In many places in Kerala , shops and commercial establishments remained shut .

BC: The film is based on the life of an Air Force Pilot, Gunjan Saxena, the first Indian female pilot in combat.
AC: The film is based on the life of an Air Force Pilot , Gunjan Saxena , the first Indian female pilot in combat .

BC: However, the case is different.
AC: However , the case is different .

BC: Bollywood is so professional.
AC: Bollywood is so professional .

BC: "Almost 25 crore people will participate in the strike to protest against the Central government's ""anti labour"" and anti people policies."
AC: " Almost 25 crore people will participate in the strike to protest against the Central government 's " " anti labour " " and anti people policies . "

BC: Happy Childrens day to all the kids.
AC: Happy Childrens day to all the kids .

BC: For instance, people from some lands have strong feelings about proper dress for women.
AC: For instance , people from some lands have strong feelings about proper dress for women .

BC: Are students confused?
AC: Are students confused ?

BC: India accuses Pakistan of fomenting militancy in Kashmir, a charge Pakistan denies.
AC: India accuses Pakistan of fomenting militancy in Kashmir , a charge Pakistan denies .

BC: Mahendra Singh Dhoni was Indias ODI captain.
AC: Mahendra Singh Dhoni was Indias ODI captain .

BC: Over 40 people have died.
AC: Over 40 people have died .

BC: The MLA...
AC: The MLA ...

BC: On this occasion, her fans flooded the social media with lovely birthday wishes.
AC: On this occasion , her fans flooded the social media with lovely birthday wishes .

BC: 12 million crores.
AC: 12 million crores .

BC: Infosys founder N R Narayana Murthy responded to the allegations levelled by the company board of directors following the resignation of MD and CEO Vishal Sikka.
AC: Infosys founder N R Narayana Murthy responded to the allegations levelled by the company board of directors following the resignation of MD and CEO Vishal Sikka .

BC: But things didn't change.
AC: But things didn 't change .

BC: Also take supplements containing vitamin A, C, E and selenium.
AC: Also take supplements containing vitamin A , C , E and selenium .

BC: And then see the difference.
AC: And then see the difference .

BC: Please cherish peace.
AC: Please cherish peace .

BC: The music is a sure plus in the film.
AC: The music is a sure plus in the film .

BC: Chandrababu claimed that he created history by linking up the Godavari and Krishna rivers.
AC: Chandrababu claimed that he created history by linking up the Godavari and Krishna rivers .

BC: Police carried out an investigation into the incident.
AC: Police carried out an investigation into the incident .

BC: The trailer has increased the expectations on the film.
AC: The trailer has increased the expectations on the film .

BC: I went to a different place.
AC: I went to a different place .

BC: ( 6 ) Nothing in this part shall prevent the Legislature of a State from making any provision for reservation of seats in any Municipality or offices of Chairpersons in the Municipalities in favour of backward class of citizens.
AC: ( 6 ) Nothing in this part shall prevent the Legislature of a State from making any provision for reservation of seats in any Municipality or offices of Chairpersons in the Municipalities in favour of backward class of citizens .

BC: The cause is typically a viral or bacterial infection.
AC: The cause is typically a viral or bacterial infection .

BC: "We need everybody's support,"" they stated."
AC: " We need everybody 's support , " " they stated . "

BC: 10 crores have been released.
AC: 10 crores have been released .

BC: Modi was accompanied by National Security Advisor Ajit Doval.
AC: Modi was accompanied by National Security Advisor Ajit Doval .

BC: But the farmers are not stopping.
AC: But the farmers are not stopping .

BC: These factors are important in winning.
AC: These factors are important in winning .

BC: But he did not inform about it to his parents.
AC: But he did not inform about it to his parents .

BC: How is she doing?
AC: How is she doing ?

BC: The RTI is a fundamental right.
AC: The RTI is a fundamental right .

BC: Thereafter, a meeting would be held in Delhi.
AC: Thereafter , a meeting would be held in Delhi .

BC: He had made several allegations.
AC: He had made several allegations .

BC: The police are investigating the cause of suicide.
AC: The police are investigating the cause of suicide .

BC: CPI National Secretary K Narayana was also present.
AC: CPI National Secretary K Narayana was also present .

BC: Published by Jehovahs Witnesses.
AC: Published by Jehovahs Witnesses .

BC: RIL aced the rally with Rs 10 lakh crore in market capitalisation.
AC: RIL aced the rally with Rs 10 lakh crore in market capitalisation .

BC: All are escaping.
AC: All are escaping .

BC: Give me some time.
AC: Give me some time .

BC: Discussions on many other issues were also held in the meeting.
AC: Discussions on many other issues were also held in the meeting .

BC: Brazil won both.
AC: Brazil won both .

BC: Why the test?
AC: Why the test ?

BC: He confirmed the same.
AC: He confirmed the same .

BC: Mix the ingredients well and apply it on your face and neck.
AC: Mix the ingredients well and apply it on your face and neck .

BC: This work brings her close to Solomons camp.
AC: This work brings her close to Solomons camp .

BC: The body was moved to Sanjay Gandhi Memorial Hospitals mortuary for an autopsy.
AC: The body was moved to Sanjay Gandhi Memorial Hospitals mortuary for an autopsy .

BC: Among the Sensex stocks, NTPC was the top gainer, rising 3%.
AC: Among the Sensex stocks , NTPC was the top gainer , rising 3 % .

BC: This happened everywhere.
AC: This happened everywhere .

BC: Most are women.
AC: Most are women .

BC: These are three-fold.
AC: These are three-fold .

BC: He doesn't know where he's going.
AC: He doesn 't know where he 's going .

BC: Sure enough, I look around and observe that all the houses on Saba are white with red roofs.
AC: Sure enough , I look around and observe that all the houses on Saba are white with red roofs .

BC: Then comes the carving.
AC: Then comes the carving .

BC: - I don't know, brother, ask him. DOKE:
AC: - I don 't know , brother , ask him . DOKE :

BC: I want to die.
AC: I want to die .

BC: Did you ever cry?
AC: Did you ever cry ?

BC: He breathed his last at Apollo Hospitals in Chennai, following a prolonged illness.
AC: He breathed his last at Apollo Hospitals in Chennai , following a prolonged illness .

BC: Pawan Kalyan plays the lead role in the movie.
AC: Pawan Kalyan plays the lead role in the movie .

BC: He is receiving warm wishes from his fans and friends on social media.
AC: He is receiving warm wishes from his fans and friends on social media .

BC: Details need to be seen closely.
AC: Details need to be seen closely .

BC: But I am not religious.
AC: But I am not religious .

BC: The premises are cleaned every day.
AC: The premises are cleaned every day .

BC: Repeat this process regularly for better results.
AC: Repeat this process regularly for better results .

BC: The dollar's gains pushed gold prices lower.
AC: The dollar 's gains pushed gold prices lower .

BC: He asked the police to take the necessary action in this case.
AC: He asked the police to take the necessary action in this case .

BC: Siddaramaiah, Deputy Chief Minister G Parameshwara, Minister D K Shivakumar and Karnataka Pradesh Congress Committee Working President Eshwar Khandre were part of the meetings.
AC: Siddaramaiah , Deputy Chief Minister G Parameshwara , Minister D K Shivakumar and Karnataka Pradesh Congress Committee Working President Eshwar Khandre were part of the meetings .

BC: The film was mostly shot in the US and in Hyderabad.
AC: The film was mostly shot in the US and in Hyderabad .

BC: How to reach Khajuraho?
AC: How to reach Khajuraho ?

BC: Nobody can have objection to that, he said.
AC: Nobody can have objection to that , he said .

BC: DMK, SP, BSP, TMC,AAP & SS SKIP MEETING
AC: DMK , SP , BSP , TMC , AAP & SS SKIP MEETING

BC: You will get love and affection of your family.
AC: You will get love and affection of your family .

BC: He eventually shifted to Mumbai.
AC: He eventually shifted to Mumbai .

BC: I havent seen the movie.
AC: I havent seen the movie .

BC: One of them died on the spot while the other two succumbed to injuries at hospital.
AC: One of them died on the spot while the other two succumbed to injuries at hospital .

BC: Dont be that person.
AC: Dont be that person .

BC: It was a super-duper hit.
AC: It was a super-duper hit .

BC: Ideas and implementation:
AC: Ideas and implementation :

BC: I have never heard such remarks before.
AC: I have never heard such remarks before .

BC: 3 lakh crore loan.
AC: 3 lakh crore loan .

BC: The police has registered cases under different sections against the accused persons.
AC: The police has registered cases under different sections against the accused persons .

BC: Working hard.
AC: Working hard .

BC: Thats the real thing.
AC: Thats the real thing .

BC: Everybody was worried.
AC: Everybody was worried .

BC: The Supreme Court had ordered the appointment of a three-member panel to mediate the Ayodhya dispute.
AC: The Supreme Court had ordered the appointment of a three-member panel to mediate the Ayodhya dispute .

BC: I dont understand what to do.
AC: I dont understand what to do .

BC: Cases are being reported in Hyderabad and neighbouring districts.
AC: Cases are being reported in Hyderabad and neighbouring districts .

BC: I couldnt stop.
AC: I couldnt stop .

BC: Arkansas recorded the lowest turnout of 56.1 per cent, as per the preliminary estimates.
AC: Arkansas recorded the lowest turnout of 56.1 per cent , as per the preliminary estimates .

BC: Locals have alleged that district administration has not taken any action in the matter so far.
AC: Locals have alleged that district administration has not taken any action in the matter so far .

BC: Financial situation will improve for some.
AC: Financial situation will improve for some .

BC: He had arrived.
AC: He had arrived .

BC: Off he goes.
AC: Off he goes .

BC: In a ghastly road accident that took place in Prakasam district three people died.
AC: In a ghastly road accident that took place in Prakasam district three people died .

BC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi also congratulated him for his efforts.
AC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi also congratulated him for his efforts .

BC: The director is the boss.
AC: The director is the boss .

BC: But its only for a few days.
AC: But its only for a few days .

BC: This time he has targeted TDP senior leader and former minister Devineni Uma Maheswara Rao.
AC: This time he has targeted TDP senior leader and former minister Devineni Uma Maheswara Rao .

BC: Till date, 110 confirmed coronavirus cases have been reported in India.
AC: Till date , 110 confirmed coronavirus cases have been reported in India .

BC: Our core body temperature sits at around 37.
AC: Our core body temperature sits at around 37 .

BC: This is not to the liking of Congress.
AC: This is not to the liking of Congress .

BC: The response to his appeal was overwhelming.
AC: The response to his appeal was overwhelming .

BC: Add the yogurt and honey.
AC: Add the yogurt and honey .

BC: There were people inside.
AC: There were people inside .

BC: However, in the end they all get back together again.
AC: However , in the end they all get back together again .

BC: 60 crores?
AC: 60 crores ?

BC: 'Maari 2' movie is directed by Balaji Mohan.
AC: 'Maari 2 ' movie is directed by Balaji Mohan .

BC: Add a pinch of turmeric to the mixture and apply it on the face, neck and arms.
AC: Add a pinch of turmeric to the mixture and apply it on the face , neck and arms .

BC: Best Actor (Tamil) : Suriya (Mattrraan)
AC: Best Actor ( Tamil ) : Suriya ( Mattrraan )

BC: I still remember.
AC: I still remember .

BC: Segura died in mid-1865.
AC: Segura died in mid-1865 .

BC: Both were admitted to hospital, the police said.
AC: Both were admitted to hospital , the police said .

BC: Three to four feet water had entered in some localities.
AC: Three to four feet water had entered in some localities .

BC: The police said that investigations are underway in the matter.
AC: The police said that investigations are underway in the matter .

BC: Minister for Municipal Administration Botsa Satyanarayana said the State Election Commissioner Nimmagadaa Ramesh Kumar has been vindictive towards the Government and his letter to the Governor is uncalled for.
AC: Minister for Municipal Administration Botsa Satyanarayana said the State Election Commissioner Nimmagadaa Ramesh Kumar has been vindictive towards the Government and his letter to the Governor is uncalled for .

BC: Do not eat too many sugary foods.
AC: Do not eat too many sugary foods .

BC: The meeting was attended by Chief Secretary Neelam Sawhney, DGP Gautam Sawang, Government Advisor Sajjala Ramakrishna Reddy and Special Chief Secretary of Medical Department Jawahar Reddy.
AC: The meeting was attended by Chief Secretary Neelam Sawhney , DGP Gautam Sawang , Government Advisor Sajjala Ramakrishna Reddy and Special Chief Secretary of Medical Department Jawahar Reddy .

BC: He has more than two lakh followers on Twitter.
AC: He has more than two lakh followers on Twitter .

BC: The movie cast Suriya, Samantha Ruth Prabhu, and Nithya Menen as the lead characters.
AC: The movie cast Suriya , Samantha Ruth Prabhu , and Nithya Menen as the lead characters .

BC: The police reached the spot of the incident and a case was registered in this regard.
AC: The police reached the spot of the incident and a case was registered in this regard .

BC: We are waiting for!
AC: We are waiting for !

BC: Theres something new to look forward to.
AC: Theres something new to look forward to .

BC: Shankar has directed the film and A R Rahman has scored the music.
AC: Shankar has directed the film and A R Rahman has scored the music .

BC: The regular shoot of the film is starting soon.
AC: The regular shoot of the film is starting soon .

BC: A case was then registered against him and he was taken into custody.
AC: A case was then registered against him and he was taken into custody .

BC: Its painful but the results are amazing!
AC: Its painful but the results are amazing !

BC: No one will be left behind.
AC: No one will be left behind .

BC: Indias Vinesh Phogat won gold in the womens 50 kilogram wrestling competition.
AC: Indias Vinesh Phogat won gold in the womens 50 kilogram wrestling competition .

BC: Why this happens, no one knows.
AC: Why this happens , no one knows .

BC: Her character will be major highlight in the film.
AC: Her character will be major highlight in the film .

BC: The treatment produced no serious side effects, according to the study.
AC: The treatment produced no serious side effects , according to the study .

BC: The pilot was reportedly killed in the incident.
AC: The pilot was reportedly killed in the incident .

BC: Hustling every day.
AC: Hustling every day .

BC: It has been approved by the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR).
AC: It has been approved by the Indian Council of Medical Research ( ICMR ) .

BC: Immediately, the family members noticed her and rushed to the hospital.
AC: Immediately , the family members noticed her and rushed to the hospital .

BC: Kohli breaks Sachin's record
AC: Kohli breaks Sachin 's record

BC: He was the third among the four sons of Vinayak Godse and Lakshmi who survived infancy.
AC: He was the third among the four sons of Vinayak Godse and Lakshmi who survived infancy .

BC: Shut up!
AC: Shut up !

BC: And Paul explained: All those desiring to live with godly devotion in association with Christ Jesus will also be persecuted.
AC: And Paul explained : All those desiring to live with godly devotion in association with Christ Jesus will also be persecuted .

BC: What kind of wine is suitable for Memorial observances, and why?
AC: What kind of wine is suitable for Memorial observances , and why ?

BC: It killed...
AC: It killed ...

BC: TDP will return in Telangana.
AC: TDP will return in Telangana .

BC: Hyderabad: Senior Congress leader and the chairperson of the Public Accounts Committee of the Telangana legislative assembly Ramreddy Venkat Reddy passed away on Friday.He was 72 and is survived by wife and two daughters
AC: Hyderabad : Senior Congress leader and the chairperson of the Public Accounts Committee of the Telangana legislative assembly Ramreddy Venkat Reddy passed away on Friday.He was 72 and is survived by wife and two daughters

BC: He is certainly going to win.
AC: He is certainly going to win .

BC: The film is being produced by Sunkara Ramabrahmam under the AK Entertainment banner.
AC: The film is being produced by Sunkara Ramabrahmam under the AK Entertainment banner .

BC: With this, the hair will be black.
AC: With this , the hair will be black .

BC: According to the 1970 census, there were 510,000 ethnic Russians and 484,000 Armenians in Azerbaijan.
AC: According to the 1970 census , there were 510,000 ethnic Russians and 484,000 Armenians in Azerbaijan .

BC: But it lasted only for a few days.
AC: But it lasted only for a few days .

BC: They should go either to Pakistan or Bangladesh.
AC: They should go either to Pakistan or Bangladesh .

BC: How long will it be?
AC: How long will it be ?

BC: wide campaign.
AC: wide campaign .

BC: Indian captain Virat Kohli with Australian cricketer Steve Smith.
AC: Indian captain Virat Kohli with Australian cricketer Steve Smith .

BC: Harris is a multiracial American and a Baptist, holding membership of the Third Baptist Church of San Francisco, a congregation of the American Baptist Churches USA.
AC: Harris is a multiracial American and a Baptist , holding membership of the Third Baptist Church of San Francisco , a congregation of the American Baptist Churches USA .

BC: As they arrive in their thousands, they start pumping out enzymes that destroy as many friends as enemies.
AC: As they arrive in their thousands , they start pumping out enzymes that destroy as many friends as enemies .

BC: Troubles never end.
AC: Troubles never end .

BC: Some could have much more.
AC: Some could have much more .

BC: I want to save money for my daughters education.
AC: I want to save money for my daughters education .

BC: DMK Chief MK Stalin was also present at the event.
AC: DMK Chief MK Stalin was also present at the event .

BC: Delhi Police said 394 of its personell were injured were injured while 30 police vehicles were damaged in the violence.
AC: Delhi Police said 394 of its personell were injured were injured while 30 police vehicles were damaged in the violence .

BC: ( b) Why, evidently, does Matthew 10: 29 use the diminutive form of the Greek word for sparrows ?
AC: ( b ) Why , evidently , does Matthew 10 : 29 use the diminutive form of the Greek word for sparrows ?

BC: 129 onward.
AC: 129 onward .

BC: There should be a nationwide debate on the issue, he said.
AC: There should be a nationwide debate on the issue , he said .

BC: This is so in this case also.
AC: This is so in this case also .

BC: This had also impacted the results.
AC: This had also impacted the results .

BC: Jonins (previously known as Rasos) is a public holiday with paganic roots that celebrates a solstice.
AC: Jonins ( previously known as Rasos ) is a public holiday with paganic roots that celebrates a solstice .

BC: Card games.
AC: Card games .

BC: The winning players will be selected for state-level competition.
AC: The winning players will be selected for state-level competition .

BC: This century old cistern could store 700 thousand litres of water.
AC: This century old cistern could store 700 thousand litres of water .

BC: Police shifted the dead body to hospital for postmortem and registered a case in this connection.
AC: Police shifted the dead body to hospital for postmortem and registered a case in this connection .

BC: What bother!
AC: What bother !

BC: Most of the Muslim nations of the world have also banned mass gathering at mosques and other religious places during the holy month of Ramadan and have issued directions to the people to offer prayers and fulfil other religious responsibilities staying inside their homes.
AC: Most of the Muslim nations of the world have also banned mass gathering at mosques and other religious places during the holy month of Ramadan and have issued directions to the people to offer prayers and fulfil other religious responsibilities staying inside their homes .

BC: In the two-match series, Root amassed 426 runs with an incredible average of 106.50.
AC: In the two-match series , Root amassed 426 runs with an incredible average of 106.50 .

BC: These are connections.
AC: These are connections .

BC: It requires collaboration, not coercion.
AC: It requires collaboration , not coercion .

BC: "Uttar Pradesh minister Mukut Bihari Verma had recently said that the temple will be constructed in Ayodhya since ""Supreme Court is ours""."
AC: " Uttar Pradesh minister Mukut Bihari Verma had recently said that the temple will be constructed in Ayodhya since " " Supreme Court is ours " . " "

BC: Why run away?
AC: Why run away ?

BC: """This is not my film, it's a film made for India."
AC: " " " This is not my film , it 's a film made for India . "

BC: But there was no salary.
AC: But there was no salary .

BC: He was caught by the police as he tried to run away.
AC: He was caught by the police as he tried to run away .

BC: It is India's first space film.
AC: It is India 's first space film .

BC: In the year 2030, Ted Mosby (voiced by Bob Saget) sits his daughter and son down to tell them the story of how he met their mother.
AC: In the year 2030 , Ted Mosby ( voiced by Bob Saget ) sits his daughter and son down to tell them the story of how he met their mother .

BC: """This victory is not mine alone"
AC: " " " This victory is not mine alone "

BC: Fans are eagerly waiting to watch the film.
AC: Fans are eagerly waiting to watch the film .

BC: The police, who reached the spot sent the dead bodies for post mortem.
AC: The police , who reached the spot sent the dead bodies for post mortem .

BC: However, there are problems galore.
AC: However , there are problems galore .

BC: The quality is good.
AC: The quality is good .

BC: "In the discussion section of the same paper, Alfred Bucherer used for the first time the expression ""theory of relativity"" (German: Relativittstheorie)."
AC: " In the discussion section of the same paper , Alfred Bucherer used for the first time the expression " " theory of relativity " " ( German : Relativittstheorie ) . "

BC: Everybody is.
AC: Everybody is .

BC: Stylish star Allu Arjun scored an incredible hit with the film, Ala Vaikunthapurramloo.
AC: Stylish star Allu Arjun scored an incredible hit with the film , Ala Vaikunthapurramloo .

BC: Back to the story.
AC: Back to the story .

BC: The plan is available already on six routes, including Delhi-Lucknow, Delhi-Jammu and Delhi-Chennai.
AC: The plan is available already on six routes , including Delhi-Lucknow , Delhi-Jammu and Delhi-Chennai .

BC: Gains i...
AC: Gains i ...

BC: As per a court ruling, reservations cannot exceed 50 per cent.
AC: As per a court ruling , reservations cannot exceed 50 per cent .

BC: The couple has been quarreling over family issues since few days.
AC: The couple has been quarreling over family issues since few days .

BC: But is that how men see women?
AC: But is that how men see women ?

BC: The film stars Vidya Balan in the lead role.
AC: The film stars Vidya Balan in the lead role .

BC: Vice Admiral Bimal Verma withdrew his plea filed before a tribunal challenging the selection of Vice Admiral Karambir Singh as the next navy chief.
AC: Vice Admiral Bimal Verma withdrew his plea filed before a tribunal challenging the selection of Vice Admiral Karambir Singh as the next navy chief .

BC: With more than 8,000 contestants fighting for around 545 seats, there's tough competition to win over voters.
AC: With more than 8,000 contestants fighting for around 545 seats , there 's tough competition to win over voters .

BC: However, it could take longer for 5G to be deployed in India.
AC: However , it could take longer for 5G to be deployed in India .

BC: Brilliant game of cricket, England captain Eoin Morgan said.
AC: Brilliant game of cricket , England captain Eoin Morgan said .

BC: There is plenty of evidence for this.
AC: There is plenty of evidence for this .

BC: wastage of public money.
AC: wastage of public money .

BC: Girls are much smarter.
AC: Girls are much smarter .

BC: The Government has not kept its promises.
AC: The Government has not kept its promises .

BC: The shooting of the film is going on at a rapid pace.
AC: The shooting of the film is going on at a rapid pace .

BC: It packs 6 gigs RAM and 128 gigs internal storage.
AC: It packs 6 gigs RAM and 128 gigs internal storage .

BC: The story relates how Vedha became a gangster and drug smuggler.
AC: The story relates how Vedha became a gangster and drug smuggler .

BC: Stroke is of two types- Ischaemic and haemorrhagic.
AC: Stroke is of two types- Ischaemic and haemorrhagic .

BC: Mr. Wells, sir, I ain't got any money.
AC: Mr. Wells , sir , I ain 't got any money .

BC: Wont that be from India?
AC: Wont that be from India ?

BC: That is the idea.
AC: That is the idea .

BC: Both the films are releasing on the same day.
AC: Both the films are releasing on the same day .

BC: Who gets a profit out of it?
AC: Who gets a profit out of it ?

BC: But that is so not true.
AC: But that is so not true .

BC: While the Ministry of Home Affairs issued the consolidated guidelines on the measures to be taken for containment of COVID-19, it also ensured smooth functioning of agricultural operations.
AC: While the Ministry of Home Affairs issued the consolidated guidelines on the measures to be taken for containment of COVID-19 , it also ensured smooth functioning of agricultural operations .

BC: Focus on colors.
AC: Focus on colors .

BC: The element was probably named by the alchemist Paracelsus after the German word Zinke (prong, tooth).
AC: The element was probably named by the alchemist Paracelsus after the German word Zinke ( prong , tooth ) .

BC: How many times is this edge going to be looked at?
AC: How many times is this edge going to be looked at ?

BC: This is the first publication of its kind in the country.
AC: This is the first publication of its kind in the country .

BC: There is no real mazaa.
AC: There is no real mazaa .

BC: It will be released in Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and Malayalam.
AC: It will be released in Hindi , Tamil , Telugu , Kannada and Malayalam .

BC: They posted on social media.
AC: They posted on social media .

BC: A case has been registered under section 306 of the IPC.
AC: A case has been registered under section 306 of the IPC .

BC: But they were disappointed.
AC: But they were disappointed .

BC: Parents also encourage that.
AC: Parents also encourage that .

BC: Penna (also known as Pennar, Penner, Penneru, and Uttara Pinakini) is a river of southern India.
AC: Penna ( also known as Pennar , Penner , Penneru , and Uttara Pinakini ) is a river of southern India .

BC: According to reports, the movie will be a comedy action entertainer.
AC: According to reports , the movie will be a comedy action entertainer .

BC: The incident occurred in Charla mandal of Bhadradri Kothagudem district.
AC: The incident occurred in Charla mandal of Bhadradri Kothagudem district .

BC: This had led to a controversy.
AC: This had led to a controversy .

BC: Doesnt exist.
AC: Doesnt exist .

BC: In the movie, Pooja Hegde plays the role of Chaani.
AC: In the movie , Pooja Hegde plays the role of Chaani .

BC: There will be no outcome from it.
AC: There will be no outcome from it .

BC: How should I plan this?
AC: How should I plan this ?

BC: He has belief in people.
AC: He has belief in people .

BC: We must be on guard against being influenced by such thinking.
AC: We must be on guard against being influenced by such thinking .

BC: Fill in the necessary details and complete the application process.
AC: Fill in the necessary details and complete the application process .

BC: She is the cousin of anti-occupation activist Dr Ruchama Marton.
AC: She is the cousin of anti-occupation activist Dr Ruchama Marton .

BC: Set to True to enable the plugin to manage the keybindings.
AC: Set to True to enable the plugin to manage the keybindings .

BC: To mark the plantation drive, more than 10 lakh saplings are being planted at various locations of the Central Armed Police Forces (CAPFs) throughout the length and breadth of the country.
AC: To mark the plantation drive , more than 10 lakh saplings are being planted at various locations of the Central Armed Police Forces ( CAPFs ) throughout the length and breadth of the country .

BC: Over the centuries, all of Adam and Eves descendants have become sick, have grown old, and have eventually died.
AC: Over the centuries , all of Adam and Eves descendants have become sick , have grown old , and have eventually died .

BC: This is resulting in a spate of farmers suicides.
AC: This is resulting in a spate of farmers suicides .

BC: The Abhiyan received overwhelming response from the farmers.
AC: The Abhiyan received overwhelming response from the farmers .

BC: Colours: Blue and black.
AC: Colours : Blue and black .

BC: The teaser of the film has increased the expectations on the film.
AC: The teaser of the film has increased the expectations on the film .

BC: The Uttarakhand High Court also did not stay the CBI probe as requested by Rawat.
AC: The Uttarakhand High Court also did not stay the CBI probe as requested by Rawat .

BC: They are old friends.
AC: They are old friends .

BC: That's what they say.
AC: That 's what they say .

BC: The schools are closed due to corona.
AC: The schools are closed due to corona .

BC: The Congress and the Left responded.
AC: The Congress and the Left responded .

BC: What are you saying.
AC: What are you saying .

BC: The six-speed torque-converter automatic will, however, be available only with the petrol engine on offer
AC: The six-speed torque-converter automatic will , however , be available only with the petrol engine on offer

BC: The key principles governing the Remuneration Policy are as follows:
AC: The key principles governing the Remuneration Policy are as follows :

BC: But some experts believe its not the right move.
AC: But some experts believe its not the right move .

BC: Bajaj Pulsar RS 200: Standout Features
AC: Bajaj Pulsar RS 200 : Standout Features

BC: Ashok Reddy is producing the movie under Karthikeya Creative works.
AC: Ashok Reddy is producing the movie under Karthikeya Creative works .

BC: This is how history was made.
AC: This is how history was made .

BC: In India too, the spread of coronavirus has been alarming.
AC: In India too , the spread of coronavirus has been alarming .

BC: No registration would be required for PDOs, while PDOAs and app providers will have to get themselves registered with the telecom department through the online registration portal without paying any fee.
AC: No registration would be required for PDOs , while PDOAs and app providers will have to get themselves registered with the telecom department through the online registration portal without paying any fee .

BC: The police had to intervene in the matter.
AC: The police had to intervene in the matter .

BC: You are the god.
AC: You are the god .

BC: Today, any institution in the world, be it the World Bank or the IMF or be it any rating agency, all have unanimously voiced the opinion that among the big countries India is the fastest growing economy.
AC: Today , any institution in the world , be it the World Bank or the IMF or be it any rating agency , all have unanimously voiced the opinion that among the big countries India is the fastest growing economy .

BC: "I never saw it that way."""
AC: " I never saw it that way . " " "

BC: This is their livelihood.
AC: This is their livelihood .

BC: Indeed, there are many Devs, but only one Maha-Dev.
AC: Indeed , there are many Devs , but only one Maha-Dev .

BC: India were all out for 251 runs while chasing a not so difficult target of 274 runs.
AC: India were all out for 251 runs while chasing a not so difficult target of 274 runs .

BC: Malls, Movie theatres, schools and colleges have been shut down in many states in the country.
AC: Malls , Movie theatres , schools and colleges have been shut down in many states in the country .

BC: How you overcame that?
AC: How you overcame that ?

BC: Differences started cropping up between the couple after some time.
AC: Differences started cropping up between the couple after some time .

BC: This is against the principles of natural justice, he said.
AC: This is against the principles of natural justice , he said .

BC: 3,000 crore!
AC: 3,000 crore !

BC: She also received a Filmfare Best Actress Award for the film.
AC: She also received a Filmfare Best Actress Award for the film .

BC: He was interested in music since his very childhood.
AC: He was interested in music since his very childhood .

BC: Her husband lives in another city.
AC: Her husband lives in another city .

BC: Congress in dilemma!!
AC: Congress in dilemma ! !

BC: We all should behave responsibly.
AC: We all should behave responsibly .

BC: But eventually, he falls in love with her again.
AC: But eventually , he falls in love with her again .

BC: It has small long leaves with flowers in cylindrical spikes and smooth and shining yellowish brown boat-shaped seeds.
AC: It has small long leaves with flowers in cylindrical spikes and smooth and shining yellowish brown boat-shaped seeds .

BC: If the market falls, the investments will suffer losses.
AC: If the market falls , the investments will suffer losses .

BC: Property worth crores of rupees damaged in the incident.
AC: Property worth crores of rupees damaged in the incident .

BC: When will the teaser be out?
AC: When will the teaser be out ?

BC: A large number of devotees visit the temple on the day of Maha Shivaratri.
AC: A large number of devotees visit the temple on the day of Maha Shivaratri .

BC: The Mumbai Indians won the match by three wickets.
AC: The Mumbai Indians won the match by three wickets .

BC: The movie is very nice.
AC: The movie is very nice .

BC: Airlines operating flights to India from other countries shall not board any passenger travelling from UK to India and shall ensure that no passenger coming from UK is boarded in a flight for any destination in India either directly or indirectly.
AC: Airlines operating flights to India from other countries shall not board any passenger travelling from UK to India and shall ensure that no passenger coming from UK is boarded in a flight for any destination in India either directly or indirectly .

BC: What example in the Bible shows that prayers at our meetings merit our respectful attention?
AC: What example in the Bible shows that prayers at our meetings merit our respectful attention ?

BC: It is wonderful to read.
AC: It is wonderful to read .

BC: There is no food available, no facilities.
AC: There is no food available , no facilities .

BC: The mill-owners, the builder-developer lobby, the babudom as well as political interests spurred the rapid land recycling
AC: The mill-owners , the builder-developer lobby , the babudom as well as political interests spurred the rapid land recycling

BC: Her family members had lodged a complaint with the local police in this connection.
AC: Her family members had lodged a complaint with the local police in this connection .

BC: The town has all the infrastructures of a fast developing urban area.
AC: The town has all the infrastructures of a fast developing urban area .

BC: Please do such films more.
AC: Please do such films more .

BC: Voting in the fourth phase of Lok Sabha elections is under way in parts of West Bengal.
AC: Voting in the fourth phase of Lok Sabha elections is under way in parts of West Bengal .

BC: It will be especially beneficial for senior citizens.
AC: It will be especially beneficial for senior citizens .

BC: There was never any fear.
AC: There was never any fear .

BC: The three-day webinar will witness talks by international stalwarts pioneering in Indic studies including Arthashastra (Economics), Sanskrit for Natural Language Processing, Vedic and Ancient Indian Mathematics - Numeral System, Bijaganita and Jyamiti, Rasayana (Chemical Sciences), Ayurveda (Biological Sciences), Jyotir-tatha Mahajagatika Vidya (Positional and Astronomical Sciences), Prakriti Vidya (Terrestrial/ Material Sciences/ Ecology and Atmospheric Sciences) and Nandana Tathya tatha Vastu Vidya (Archaeology, Iconography and Architecture).
AC: The three-day webinar will witness talks by international stalwarts pioneering in Indic studies including Arthashastra ( Economics ) , Sanskrit for Natural Language Processing , Vedic and Ancient Indian Mathematics - Numeral System , Bijaganita and Jyamiti , Rasayana ( Chemical Sciences ) , Ayurveda ( Biological Sciences ) , Jyotir-tatha Mahajagatika Vidya ( Positional and Astronomical Sciences ) , Prakriti Vidya ( Terrestrial / Material Sciences / Ecology and Atmospheric Sciences ) and Nandana Tathya tatha Vastu Vidya ( Archaeology , Iconography and Architecture ) .

BC: asked Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad.
AC: asked Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad .

BC: 'Cursed is he who lies with his father's wife, because he has uncovered his father's skirt.' All the people shall say, 'Amen.'
AC: 'Cursed is he who lies with his father 's wife , because he has uncovered his father 's skirt . ' All the people shall say , ' Amen . '

BC: No other Indian batswoman is at the top-10.
AC: No other Indian batswoman is at the top-10 .

BC: The wisdom from above is chaste, then peaceable
AC: The wisdom from above is chaste , then peaceable

BC: 4 lakh, Rs.
AC: 4 lakh , Rs.

BC: People rushed out of their offices and homes.
AC: People rushed out of their offices and homes .

BC: But I was in a lot of pain.
AC: But I was in a lot of pain .

BC: Tirupati:Two months after the crown theft from the Govindaraja Swamy temple in Tirupati, the Urban District Police has finally got a breakthrough into the case
AC: Tirupati : Two months after the crown theft from the Govindaraja Swamy temple in Tirupati , the Urban District Police has finally got a breakthrough into the case

BC: Both of them have been shifted to hospital for treatment.
AC: Both of them have been shifted to hospital for treatment .

BC: I see a huge opportunity.
AC: I see a huge opportunity .

BC: The traffic stopped.
AC: The traffic stopped .

BC: Water is scarce.
AC: Water is scarce .

BC: District Morena has reported the maximum number, that is, 73 new cases and also one death, while Gwalior recorded 25 cases and Bhind 22 cases on Wednesday.
AC: District Morena has reported the maximum number , that is , 73 new cases and also one death , while Gwalior recorded 25 cases and Bhind 22 cases on Wednesday .

BC: Hes still talking about that.
AC: Hes still talking about that .

BC: Why dont we?
AC: Why dont we ?

BC: And the home might be in a neighborhood like this.
AC: And the home might be in a neighborhood like this .

BC: The farmers are in a very difficult situation.
AC: The farmers are in a very difficult situation .

BC: However, the Rs.
AC: However , the Rs.

BC: I had heard stories.
AC: I had heard stories .

BC: If the deductions are made via cash, then an individual can claim for deduction up to Rs 10,000 only.
AC: If the deductions are made via cash , then an individual can claim for deduction up to Rs 10,000 only .

BC: England have 125 points and are followed by India, who have 122 points.
AC: England have 125 points and are followed by India , who have 122 points .

BC: But you know what I'd really like to do?
AC: But you know what I 'd really like to do ?

BC: The Indian Navy Environment Conservation Roadmap (INECR) has been the guiding document and key enabler for progressively achieving this vision of the Indian Navy to add a Green Footprint to its Blue Water operations
AC: The Indian Navy Environment Conservation Roadmap ( INECR ) has been the guiding document and key enabler for progressively achieving this vision of the Indian Navy to add a Green Footprint to its Blue Water operations

BC: Its Diwali.
AC: Its Diwali .

BC: The film also stars Sudheer Babu, Nivetha Thomas, and Aditi Rao Hydari.
AC: The film also stars Sudheer Babu , Nivetha Thomas , and Aditi Rao Hydari .

BC: 59 people died in this fire tragedy.
AC: 59 people died in this fire tragedy .

BC: This will provide a solution.
AC: This will provide a solution .

BC: Why did not the PM question Modi?
AC: Why did not the PM question Modi ?

BC: They have not been arrested.
AC: They have not been arrested .

BC: As the security forces conducted searches in the village, militants fired at them.
AC: As the security forces conducted searches in the village , militants fired at them .

BC: The WA State government has pledged $10m towards this project.
AC: The WA State government has pledged $ 10m towards this project .

BC: Are you a morning person?
AC: Are you a morning person ?

BC: That is, keep an eye on what kind of effects a new technology might have or a new process might have and then address those issues so that sustainability is achieved.
AC: That is , keep an eye on what kind of effects a new technology might have or a new process might have and then address those issues so that sustainability is achieved .

BC: But the people by and large are not aware about this.
AC: But the people by and large are not aware about this .

BC: Add the chopped green chilies, ginger, onion, salt, pepper, garlic.
AC: Add the chopped green chilies , ginger , onion , salt , pepper , garlic .

BC: What is the course all about?
AC: What is the course all about ?

BC: Do you think so?
AC: Do you think so ?

BC: He completed his hat-trick and took six wickets for 49 runs.
AC: He completed his hat-trick and took six wickets for 49 runs .

BC: Up-gradation of existing State Government Medical College (GMCs).
AC: Up-gradation of existing State Government Medical College ( GMCs ) .

BC: Elaborating further, Dr Jitendra Singh said, 5 North Eastern States of Sikkim, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Tripura are totally Corona free, while 3 other states of Assam, Meghalaya and Mizoram had 8, 11 and 1 Corona positive cases respectively, which are waiting to become negative, while no new cases were added till last night
AC: Elaborating further , Dr Jitendra Singh said , 5 North Eastern States of Sikkim , Nagaland , Arunachal Pradesh , Manipur and Tripura are totally Corona free , while 3 other states of Assam , Meghalaya and Mizoram had 8 , 11 and 1 Corona positive cases respectively , which are waiting to become negative , while no new cases were added till last night

BC: She then did an MBA from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management.
AC: She then did an MBA from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management .

BC: World is not a heaven.
AC: World is not a heaven .

BC: She was immediately referred to the Osmania Hospital.
AC: She was immediately referred to the Osmania Hospital .

BC: "But it went on for far too long."""
AC: " But it went on for far too long . " " "

BC: The condition of four of the injured was stated to be serious.
AC: The condition of four of the injured was stated to be serious .

BC: That's not it
AC: That 's not it

BC: But the movie wasnt released.
AC: But the movie wasnt released .

BC: BSE Smallcap index shed 0.5 per cent.
AC: BSE Smallcap index shed 0.5 per cent .

BC: Narasimhan also greeted the Chief Minister.
AC: Narasimhan also greeted the Chief Minister .

BC: The incident happened in Agiripalli of Krishna district.
AC: The incident happened in Agiripalli of Krishna district .

BC: 80 per cent voter turnout.
AC: 80 per cent voter turnout .

BC: The award also carries a cash prize of Rs 10 lakh.
AC: The award also carries a cash prize of Rs 10 lakh .

BC: The Congress president...
AC: The Congress president ...

BC: It felt real to me.
AC: It felt real to me .

BC: Death toll is likely to increase.
AC: Death toll is likely to increase .

BC: The announcement of the film is going to come up soon.
AC: The announcement of the film is going to come up soon .

BC: This video is going viral on social media.
AC: This video is going viral on social media .

BC: No update at all!
AC: No update at all !

BC: Always keep the body hydrated.
AC: Always keep the body hydrated .

BC: According to sources, Geeta has identified her father, step-mother and siblings from a photograph sent to her by the Indian High Commission in Islamabad
AC: According to sources , Geeta has identified her father , step-mother and siblings from a photograph sent to her by the Indian High Commission in Islamabad

BC: The children and the parents...
AC: The children and the parents ...

BC: I had interest in music since childhood.
AC: I had interest in music since childhood .

BC: Mercedes Benz Price Hike Across Entire Range From 1st September, 2013
AC: Mercedes Benz Price Hike Across Entire Range From 1st September , 2013

BC: Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOCL) has invited applications for the recruitment of Non-Executive Personnel positions.
AC: Indian Oil Corporation Limited ( IOCL ) has invited applications for the recruitment of Non-Executive Personnel positions .

BC: Indias second group game has begun.
AC: Indias second group game has begun .

BC: The husband, Vicent, says: What I read in the Bible helped me to deal with challenges in our marriage in a loving way.
AC: The husband , Vicent , says : What I read in the Bible helped me to deal with challenges in our marriage in a loving way .

BC: She had already sung playback for over 400 film songs in Tamil, Malayalam, Telugu and Hindi.
AC: She had already sung playback for over 400 film songs in Tamil , Malayalam , Telugu and Hindi .

BC: Owing to the coronavirus lockdown, shooting schedules of many films and shows have been put on hold.
AC: Owing to the coronavirus lockdown , shooting schedules of many films and shows have been put on hold .

BC: The protests were sparked by the arrest of Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny.
AC: The protests were sparked by the arrest of Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny .

BC: around 250.
AC: around 250 .

BC: Turning religious!
AC: Turning religious !

BC: Gorbachev rose steadily through the ranks of the local administration.
AC: Gorbachev rose steadily through the ranks of the local administration .

BC: Other three names have been finalised.
AC: Other three names have been finalised .

BC: Similarly, Rs 830 crore would be available under various agriculture schemes.
AC: Similarly , Rs 830 crore would be available under various agriculture schemes .

BC: Former minister and TDP national general secretary Nara Lokesh criticized the speaker.
AC: Former minister and TDP national general secretary Nara Lokesh criticized the speaker .

BC: Besides, an NDRF team was also deployed at the accident spot to join the rescue operations.
AC: Besides , an NDRF team was also deployed at the accident spot to join the rescue operations .

BC: No one should displace them.
AC: No one should displace them .

BC: Seats have already been divided among the NDA (National Democratic Alliance) parties in the Bihar Assembly elections.
AC: Seats have already been divided among the NDA ( National Democratic Alliance ) parties in the Bihar Assembly elections .

BC: Journalist Priya Ramani levelled allegations of sexual misconduct against Union minister MJ Akbar.
AC: Journalist Priya Ramani levelled allegations of sexual misconduct against Union minister MJ Akbar .

BC: Also, several political parties have extended their support to the farmers.
AC: Also , several political parties have extended their support to the farmers .

BC: I could remember them.
AC: I could remember them .

BC: There are numerous reasons for this.
AC: There are numerous reasons for this .

BC: "Together we will make Karnataka prosperous again,"" tweets BJP."
AC: " Together we will make Karnataka prosperous again , " " tweets BJP . "

BC: He listened to their problems.
AC: He listened to their problems .

BC: Besides Ram Charan, the movie also stars Rakul Preet Singh in the lead.
AC: Besides Ram Charan , the movie also stars Rakul Preet Singh in the lead .

BC: How much does it weigh?
AC: How much does it weigh ?

BC: Aamir Khan and Kajol played the leads in the movie.
AC: Aamir Khan and Kajol played the leads in the movie .

BC: Months passed.
AC: Months passed .

BC: Police have arrested several suspects in the case.
AC: Police have arrested several suspects in the case .

BC: Are you ready to bring home a baby?
AC: Are you ready to bring home a baby ?

BC: She is being treated at a hospital.
AC: She is being treated at a hospital .

BC: England captain Joe Root, who is in terrific form, scored a double century in the first Test against Team India in Chennai.
AC: England captain Joe Root , who is in terrific form , scored a double century in the first Test against Team India in Chennai .

BC: Shraddha Srinath is playing the heroine in the film.
AC: Shraddha Srinath is playing the heroine in the film .

BC: They are extremely moving.
AC: They are extremely moving .

BC: He came to the US for higher studies and stayed back.
AC: He came to the US for higher studies and stayed back .

BC: The officials are trying to drive away the elephants to the forest.
AC: The officials are trying to drive away the elephants to the forest .

BC: On this occasion Rajendra Prasad, Kamala Ram Rajjak, RK Behra, Praveen Kumar, Arjun Ram, Tapeshwar Sao and Sitaram Kushwaha were also present.
AC: On this occasion Rajendra Prasad , Kamala Ram Rajjak , RK Behra , Praveen Kumar , Arjun Ram , Tapeshwar Sao and Sitaram Kushwaha were also present .

BC: The TDP chief Nara Chandrababu Naidu is contesting from Kuppam Assembly constituency.
AC: The TDP chief Nara Chandrababu Naidu is contesting from Kuppam Assembly constituency .

BC: In a village there lived a young man.
AC: In a village there lived a young man .

BC: Sensex, Nifty recover further
AC: Sensex , Nifty recover further

BC: They said their struggle will continue till their demands are met.
AC: They said their struggle will continue till their demands are met .

BC: It leads towards achieving Atmanirbhar Bharat (Self-Reliant India) by way of sharing of expertise in public health system, and by promoting mutual research in various relevant areas.
AC: It leads towards achieving Atmanirbhar Bharat ( Self-Reliant India ) by way of sharing of expertise in public health system , and by promoting mutual research in various relevant areas .

BC: It has still not released.
AC: It has still not released .

BC: He took selfies.
AC: He took selfies .

BC: Pandey and Mahendra Singh Dhoni put on 101 runs for the sixth wicket.
AC: Pandey and Mahendra Singh Dhoni put on 101 runs for the sixth wicket .

BC: He said that vehicles heading towards Hyderabad should go through Krishna Lanka Police Station - Police Control Room - Panja Center - Chittinagar - Tunnel - Gollapudi - Ibrahimpatnam route.
AC: He said that vehicles heading towards Hyderabad should go through Krishna Lanka Police Station - Police Control Room - Panja Center - Chittinagar - Tunnel - Gollapudi - Ibrahimpatnam route .

BC: Cast: Ranbir Kapoor, Sonam Kapoor, Anushka Sharma, Manisha Koirala, Paresh Rawal, Vicky Kaushal, Dia Mirza and others
AC: Cast : Ranbir Kapoor , Sonam Kapoor , Anushka Sharma , Manisha Koirala , Paresh Rawal , Vicky Kaushal , Dia Mirza and others

BC: It's not such a difficult thing.
AC: It 's not such a difficult thing .

BC: All this complicates things.
AC: All this complicates things .

BC: ( a) What wondrous events do we confidently expect to see?
AC: ( a ) What wondrous events do we confidently expect to see ?

BC: While Jr. NTR will be seen as Komaram Bheem, Ram Charan will be playing Alluri Sitharama Raju in the film.
AC: While Jr . NTR will be seen as Komaram Bheem , Ram Charan will be playing Alluri Sitharama Raju in the film .

BC: Everyone feels it.
AC: Everyone feels it .

BC: But the opposite happened in this film.
AC: But the opposite happened in this film .

BC: West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee wished her on the occasion.
AC: West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee wished her on the occasion .

BC: many folds.
AC: many folds .

BC: The wider NSE Nifty edged up to 8,565 points, up 45.50 points or 0.53 per cent
AC: The wider NSE Nifty edged up to 8,565 points , up 45.50 points or 0.53 per cent

BC: Voices of dissent are becoming louder in the Punjab Congress.
AC: Voices of dissent are becoming louder in the Punjab Congress .

BC: The parents were worried.
AC: The parents were worried .

BC: Officials said that no casualty was reported in the incident.
AC: Officials said that no casualty was reported in the incident .

BC: 16 crore has been paid.
AC: 16 crore has been paid .

BC: Further, the apostle Peter told anointed Christians in his day: In proportion as each one has received a gift, use it in ministering to one another as fine stewards of Gods undeserved kindness expressed in various ways.
AC: Further , the apostle Peter told anointed Christians in his day : In proportion as each one has received a gift , use it in ministering to one another as fine stewards of Gods undeserved kindness expressed in various ways .

BC: First, the colours.
AC: First , the colours .

BC: It cannot be explained.
AC: It cannot be explained .

BC: But getting out is not.
AC: But getting out is not .

BC: But things changed at the last moment.
AC: But things changed at the last moment .

BC: The victim was taken to a nearby hospital for medical check up.
AC: The victim was taken to a nearby hospital for medical check up .

BC: For the upright will dwell in the land. The perfect will remain in it.
AC: For the upright will dwell in the land . The perfect will remain in it .

BC: There was immense uproar over the issue.
AC: There was immense uproar over the issue .

BC: tested negative.
AC: tested negative .

BC: The families of the injured should be given due compensation.
AC: The families of the injured should be given due compensation .

BC: """It is a good experience."
AC: " " " It is a good experience . "

BC: He has also written several poems so far.
AC: He has also written several poems so far .

BC: Two persons were killed, including the driver and five people were severely injured.
AC: Two persons were killed , including the driver and five people were severely injured .

BC: Nagarjuna, Naga Chaitanya, Nageswara Rao, Samantha and Shriya acted in the lead roles.
AC: Nagarjuna , Naga Chaitanya , Nageswara Rao , Samantha and Shriya acted in the lead roles .

BC: Thats why they are not used.
AC: Thats why they are not used .

BC: However, she did not divulge details about it.
AC: However , she did not divulge details about it .

BC: But I realized that the counsel is from Jehovah, and he tells us only what is for our benefit.
AC: But I realized that the counsel is from Jehovah , and he tells us only what is for our benefit .

BC: I want to play Test cricket.
AC: I want to play Test cricket .

BC: Certainty ot supply of surplus power to India by Bhutan from MHEP.
AC: Certainty ot supply of surplus power to India by Bhutan from MHEP .

BC: The song has been viewed more than 20 million times on Youtube.
AC: The song has been viewed more than 20 million times on Youtube .

BC: The police have arrested five persons.
AC: The police have arrested five persons .

BC: Dil Raju is the producer of the film and Mehreen Kaur plays the female lead.
AC: Dil Raju is the producer of the film and Mehreen Kaur plays the female lead .

BC: It is a part of the Bajaj Group.
AC: It is a part of the Bajaj Group .

BC: Union ministers Nitin Gadkari, Prakash Javadekar, Harsh Vardhan and Delhi BJP chief Manoj Tiwari were present on the occasion.
AC: Union ministers Nitin Gadkari , Prakash Javadekar , Harsh Vardhan and Delhi BJP chief Manoj Tiwari were present on the occasion .

BC: The film won three Oscars.
AC: The film won three Oscars .

BC: Except this.
AC: Except this .

BC: In early 1944, the big day came!
AC: In early 1944 , the big day came !

BC: Police reached the hospital and took the situation under control.
AC: Police reached the hospital and took the situation under control .

BC: Thousands of people are visiting it daily.
AC: Thousands of people are visiting it daily .

BC: However, the cause of the mishap is yet to be known
AC: However , the cause of the mishap is yet to be known

BC: Bollywood actors Alia Bhatt and Ajay Devgan will appear in prominent roles.
AC: Bollywood actors Alia Bhatt and Ajay Devgan will appear in prominent roles .

BC: Some of these notional costs onto the system in of different categories, where these costs would kind of guide you through giving you a lead into what has to be improved at every stage, either the design or the product itself or the process itself, or you know anything related to the different phases of the life cycle.
AC: Some of these notional costs onto the system in of different categories , where these costs would kind of guide you through giving you a lead into what has to be improved at every stage , either the design or the product itself or the process itself , or you know anything related to the different phases of the life cycle .

BC: Of course, said Caroline.
AC: Of course , said Caroline .

BC: The field is invalid.
AC: The field is invalid .

BC: In the movie, she played the character of Akshay Kumars wife.
AC: In the movie , she played the character of Akshay Kumars wife .

BC: According to the police, the sound was heard across the eastern Bengaluru from the International airport.
AC: According to the police , the sound was heard across the eastern Bengaluru from the International airport .

BC: I was enraged.
AC: I was enraged .

BC: But his hopes were dashed.
AC: But his hopes were dashed .

BC: India is at a crucial juncture.
AC: India is at a crucial juncture .

BC: The police then raided the premises and rescued the two women.
AC: The police then raided the premises and rescued the two women .

BC: However, the makers have not yet announced the release date.
AC: However , the makers have not yet announced the release date .

BC: I cant really explain this.
AC: I cant really explain this .

BC: """No doubt Smith, Warner and Marnus Labuschagne are great players."
AC: " " " No doubt Smith , Warner and Marnus Labuschagne are great players . "

BC: Its not only a problem here.
AC: Its not only a problem here .

BC: All the evacuees are monitored and clinically stable presently. MV
AC: All the evacuees are monitored and clinically stable presently . MV

BC: The expectations on Young Rebel Star Prabhas' upcoming movie 'Saaho' are sky-high.
AC: The expectations on Young Rebel Star Prabhas ' upcoming movie ' Saaho ' are sky-high .

BC: in his office.
AC: in his office .

BC: You will do this?
AC: You will do this ?

BC: This tradition is still being followed.
AC: This tradition is still being followed .

BC: Immediately, the vehicle caught fire.
AC: Immediately , the vehicle caught fire .

BC: In almost every paragraph of this Bible study aid, children are asked to express their opinion on the subjects discussed.
AC: In almost every paragraph of this Bible study aid , children are asked to express their opinion on the subjects discussed .

BC: Anton, 1838.
AC: Anton , 1838 .

BC: What is love?
AC: What is love ?

BC: It increases concentration.
AC: It increases concentration .

BC: We called it Elizabeth, a Bible name meaning God of Plenty.
AC: We called it Elizabeth , a Bible name meaning God of Plenty .

BC: Mumbai: Former Indian skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni has been one of Indias best chasing batsmen.
AC: Mumbai : Former Indian skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni has been one of Indias best chasing batsmen .

BC: Come. let us take a pledge to fulfil Babasahebs dreams.
AC: Come. let us take a pledge to fulfil Babasahebs dreams .

BC: Heres a list of WhatsApp features every group user should know.
AC: Heres a list of WhatsApp features every group user should know .

BC: The fish feed must be given correctly.
AC: The fish feed must be given correctly .

BC: I was surprised, then.
AC: I was surprised , then .

BC: There has been no such deal with India though.
AC: There has been no such deal with India though .

BC: The thrust of the Institute is to become a prestigious Institute in the field of Corporate Laws while enhancing its resources and revenues.
AC: The thrust of the Institute is to become a prestigious Institute in the field of Corporate Laws while enhancing its resources and revenues .

BC: When the Pulwama incident took place killing 40 CRPF jawans, the country was seething with anger.
AC: When the Pulwama incident took place killing 40 CRPF jawans , the country was seething with anger .

BC: This is the second time such an event is organised in Bengaluru.
AC: This is the second time such an event is organised in Bengaluru .

BC: Written and directed by:
AC: Written and directed by :

BC: Whos listening?
AC: Whos listening ?

BC: The questions are aplenty.
AC: The questions are aplenty .

BC: Centre has taken up construction of food processing units, incubation centres, etc, and the lakhs of youth will get jobs.
AC: Centre has taken up construction of food processing units , incubation centres , etc , and the lakhs of youth will get jobs .

BC: Ram Gopal Varma's Lakshmi's NTR is based on the life of Telugu Desam founder and former Chief Minister N T Rama Rao.
AC: Ram Gopal Varma 's Lakshmi 's NTR is based on the life of Telugu Desam founder and former Chief Minister N T Rama Rao .

BC: A Universal Account Number has so far been allotted to over 6 crore sector workers, enabling portability of their EPF accounts.
AC: A Universal Account Number has so far been allotted to over 6 crore sector workers , enabling portability of their EPF accounts .

BC: Here are the top 10 songs:
AC: Here are the top 10 songs :

BC: NEW DELHI: The air quality in Delhi has worsened.
AC: NEW DELHI : The air quality in Delhi has worsened .

BC: I plant trees.
AC: I plant trees .

BC: He refused to take a decision.
AC: He refused to take a decision .

BC: The government has denied those accusations.
AC: The government has denied those accusations .

BC: However, this story is apocryphal.
AC: However , this story is apocryphal .

BC: It is environment-friendly too.
AC: It is environment-friendly too .

BC: The remaining money was being contributed by the Central and state governments.
AC: The remaining money was being contributed by the Central and state governments .

BC: Other cases are pending probe.
AC: Other cases are pending probe .

BC: The families of the injured should be given due compensation.
AC: The families of the injured should be given due compensation .

BC: Narendra Modi is the Indian prime minister.
AC: Narendra Modi is the Indian prime minister .

BC: Australian opener David Warner slammed a magnificent triple century in the ongoing second Test against Pakistan to complete his redemption journey since the ball-tampering scandal.
AC: Australian opener David Warner slammed a magnificent triple century in the ongoing second Test against Pakistan to complete his redemption journey since the ball-tampering scandal .

BC: The shooting of the film has already begun.
AC: The shooting of the film has already begun .

BC: Two equals one!
AC: Two equals one !

BC: The new building.
AC: The new building .

BC: Always consult you doctor.
AC: Always consult you doctor .

BC: No killings.
AC: No killings .

BC: The parents of the children have filed a complaint with the police.
AC: The parents of the children have filed a complaint with the police .

BC: Bring no more vain oblations. incense is an abomination unto me. the new moons and sabbaths, the calling of assemblies, I cannot away with. it is iniquity, even the solemn meeting.
AC: Bring no more vain oblations. incense is an abomination unto me. the new moons and sabbaths , the calling of assemblies , I cannot away with. it is iniquity , even the solemn meeting .

BC: With their fourth win in five matches, Punjab are on top of group A with 16 points and a match to go.
AC: With their fourth win in five matches , Punjab are on top of group A with 16 points and a match to go .

BC: He said he had decided to retire from politics.
AC: He said he had decided to retire from politics .

BC: How to link PAN-Aadhaar:
AC: How to link PAN-Aadhaar :

BC: Or will they continue with violence?
AC: Or will they continue with violence ?

BC: Further details are yet to known.
AC: Further details are yet to known .

BC: The temples...
AC: The temples ...

BC: Prabhas never wanted to be an actor.
AC: Prabhas never wanted to be an actor .

BC: Please have some patience.
AC: Please have some patience .

BC: PM Narendra Modi will inaugurate the project once complete.
AC: PM Narendra Modi will inaugurate the project once complete .

BC: All arrangements have been put in place, officials said.
AC: All arrangements have been put in place , officials said .

BC: The farmers raised slogans against the police.
AC: The farmers raised slogans against the police .

BC: We are not perfect!
AC: We are not perfect !

BC: 25 should be charged.
AC: 25 should be charged .

BC: It will soon be known.
AC: It will soon be known .

BC: What we said.
AC: What we said .

BC: The meeting was attended by Minister of State for Home Hansraj Ahir, Home Secretary-designate Rajiv Gauba and senior officers from the Ministry.
AC: The meeting was attended by Minister of State for Home Hansraj Ahir , Home Secretary-designate Rajiv Gauba and senior officers from the Ministry .

BC: Its only about him.
AC: Its only about him .

BC: However, details about the project are yet to be made official.
AC: However , details about the project are yet to be made official .

BC: "Special attention should be placed to farmers,"" he said"
AC: " Special attention should be placed to farmers , " " he said "

BC: Heres the winners list of Telugu Films:
AC: Heres the winners list of Telugu Films :

BC: We are protesting peacefully.
AC: We are protesting peacefully .

BC: Loved watching it.
AC: Loved watching it .

BC: It is being inquired.
AC: It is being inquired .

BC: She has stayed in Delhi for so long.
AC: She has stayed in Delhi for so long .

BC: It is easy to prepare the recipe.
AC: It is easy to prepare the recipe .

BC: The responsibility for paying GST compensation lies entirely with the Central government.
AC: The responsibility for paying GST compensation lies entirely with the Central government .

BC: Some get away.
AC: Some get away .

BC: "I have learnt so much from him on and off the field."""
AC: " I have learnt so much from him on and off the field . " " "

BC: "One of his accomplices has been captured alive,"" Peshawar Political Agent of Khyber Agency Shahab Ali Shah told reporters"
AC: " One of his accomplices has been captured alive , " " Peshawar Political Agent of Khyber Agency Shahab Ali Shah told reporters "

BC: Sushil Kumar wins his third Commonwealth Games gold medal.
AC: Sushil Kumar wins his third Commonwealth Games gold medal .

BC: He was undergoing treatment at the hospital since then.
AC: He was undergoing treatment at the hospital since then .

BC: And whats its outcome?
AC: And whats its outcome ?

BC: Aurangzeb Road has become Dr Abdul Kalam Road in Delhi and Connaught Circus has become Rajiv Chowk.
AC: Aurangzeb Road has become Dr Abdul Kalam Road in Delhi and Connaught Circus has become Rajiv Chowk .

BC: Ive learnt a lot from Shilpa.
AC: Ive learnt a lot from Shilpa .

BC: The shooting is going on.
AC: The shooting is going on .

BC: The winning nation receives $2 million.
AC: The winning nation receives $ 2 million .

BC: Justice Radhakrishnan later administered oath to 12 judges of Telangana High Court.
AC: Justice Radhakrishnan later administered oath to 12 judges of Telangana High Court .

BC: It is essential to get enough sleep to maintain good health.
AC: It is essential to get enough sleep to maintain good health .

BC: He served there for nearly 71 years.
AC: He served there for nearly 71 years .

BC: She is already married with two kids.
AC: She is already married with two kids .

BC: Since then, the two have been frequently spotted together.
AC: Since then , the two have been frequently spotted together .

BC: The film will be produced by Geetha Arts.
AC: The film will be produced by Geetha Arts .

BC: "Gandhara was known in Sanskrit as gandhra, in Avestan as Vakrta, in Old Persian as Gadra (Old Persian cuneiform: , Gadra, also transliterated as Gandra since the nasal ""n"" before consonants was omitted in the Old Persian script, and simplified as Gandara) in Babylonian and Elamite as Paruparaesanna (Para-upari-sena), in Chinese as T: /S: (Qintulu), and in Greek as (Gandhara)."
AC: " Gandhara was known in Sanskrit as gandhra , in Avestan as Vakrta , in Old Persian as Gadra ( Old Persian cuneiform : , Gadra , also transliterated as Gandra since the nasal " " n " " before consonants was omitted in the Old Persian script , and simplified as Gandara ) in Babylonian and Elamite as Paruparaesanna ( Para-upari-sena ) , in Chinese as T : / S : ( Qintulu ) , and in Greek as ( Gandhara ) . "

BC: When possible, during periods of personal study and meditation, we may read in an undertone, sounding out the words.
AC: When possible , during periods of personal study and meditation , we may read in an undertone , sounding out the words .

BC: There are two categories.
AC: There are two categories .

BC: Venu Udugula is the director of the movie.
AC: Venu Udugula is the director of the movie .

BC: He is deeply involved in movements against Drinking liquor, Untouchability ,Illiteracy.
AC: He is deeply involved in movements against Drinking liquor , Untouchability , Illiteracy .

BC: I hope someday you will understand, forgive and pardon me, the letter said.
AC: I hope someday you will understand , forgive and pardon me , the letter said .

BC: The Indian Army has reportedly increased its presence on the boundary with China in North Sikkim, Uttarakhand, Arunachal Pradesh, along with Ladakh, reported The Indian Express.
AC: The Indian Army has reportedly increased its presence on the boundary with China in North Sikkim , Uttarakhand , Arunachal Pradesh , along with Ladakh , reported The Indian Express .

BC: I have done three.
AC: I have done three .

BC: This movie has been in talks for a long time.
AC: This movie has been in talks for a long time .

BC: Thanks Kangana!
AC: Thanks Kangana !

BC: However, no response has been received from the Government of Pakistan in this regard.
AC: However , no response has been received from the Government of Pakistan in this regard .

BC: Do you drink?
AC: Do you drink ?

BC: But there is another nuance here.
AC: But there is another nuance here .

BC: He is acting as a police commissioner in the movie.
AC: He is acting as a police commissioner in the movie .

BC: Russia has denied the allegation.
AC: Russia has denied the allegation .

BC: Three people have died so far.
AC: Three people have died so far .

BC: Two people reportedly died, while 20 others have not been found.
AC: Two people reportedly died , while 20 others have not been found .

BC: Which banks offer the best fixed deposit rates?
AC: Which banks offer the best fixed deposit rates ?

BC: Hutter did not become rich from his translation work. evidently his editions did not sell well.
AC: Hutter did not become rich from his translation work. evidently his editions did not sell well .

BC: She was a PG student of Pediatrics department in SV Medical College, Tirupati.
AC: She was a PG student of Pediatrics department in SV Medical College , Tirupati .

BC: Brent crude oil futures gain 0.1%, to $45.18 a barrel, while U. S. West Texas Intermediate crude was down 9 cents, or 0.2%, at $42.53 a barrel.
AC: Brent crude oil futures gain 0.1 % , to $ 45.18 a barrel , while U. S. West Texas Intermediate crude was down 9 cents , or 0.2 % , at $ 42.53 a barrel .

BC: Just tell me what I shall do.
AC: Just tell me what I shall do .

BC: As part of this, Rs.
AC: As part of this , Rs.

BC: The music, including film score, was composed by Ilaiyaraaja's youngest son, Yuvan Shankar Raja.
AC: The music , including film score , was composed by Ilaiyaraaja 's youngest son , Yuvan Shankar Raja .

BC: The police were informed by the dumper driver.
AC: The police were informed by the dumper driver .

BC: As apprised to the Hon'ble Members in my last Budget Speech, Telangana State had unveiled the most investor-friendly industrial policy-TS-iPASS with statutory backing conferring right to single window clearances in a time-bound manner.
AC: As apprised to the Hon 'ble Members in my last Budget Speech , Telangana State had unveiled the most investor-friendly industrial policy-TS-iPASS with statutory backing conferring right to single window clearances in a time-bound manner .

BC: Asked if the Infosys Board had any power to bar Narayana Murthy's re-entry into the company, Pai said nowhere in the world did any board make such an 'absurd' and 'untenable' statement about a promoter-shareholder.
AC: Asked if the Infosys Board had any power to bar Narayana Murthy 's re-entry into the company , Pai said nowhere in the world did any board make such an ' absurd ' and ' untenable ' statement about a promoter-shareholder .

BC: But this is not possible for everyone.
AC: But this is not possible for everyone .

BC: But there is nothing wrong in that.
AC: But there is nothing wrong in that .

BC: Mahendra were present.
AC: Mahendra were present .

BC: Since then, Virat has never looked back.
AC: Since then , Virat has never looked back .

BC: Team India have already won two test matches and took 2-0 lead in the series.
AC: Team India have already won two test matches and took 2-0 lead in the series .

BC: ZP chairman A Sandeep Reddy, Collector Anitha Ramachandran, DEO Chaitanya Jaini, DRO Venkateshwarlu, DCP Narayana Reddy local MPP Sudhir Reddy, in-charge MPDO Sheshadri, Sarpanch Srinivas, special officer Madhavi and others participated.
AC: ZP chairman A Sandeep Reddy , Collector Anitha Ramachandran , DEO Chaitanya Jaini , DRO Venkateshwarlu , DCP Narayana Reddy local MPP Sudhir Reddy , in-charge MPDO Sheshadri , Sarpanch Srinivas , special officer Madhavi and others participated .

BC: I didnt want to delay it anymore.
AC: I didnt want to delay it anymore .

BC: She was told to marry with him.
AC: She was told to marry with him .

BC: "Earlier in the day, BJP MP Meenakshi Lekhi urged the Delhi Police to register an FIR in the case of alleged ""sexual harassment"" of a girl at the social media office of the Congress in Delhi."
AC: " Earlier in the day , BJP MP Meenakshi Lekhi urged the Delhi Police to register an FIR in the case of alleged " " sexual harassment " " of a girl at the social media office of the Congress in Delhi . "

BC: This place is an extremely famous tourist spot.
AC: This place is an extremely famous tourist spot .

BC: This isnt a problem.
AC: This isnt a problem .

BC: ( e) such incidental, consequential and supplementary matters as the Administrator considers necessary.
AC: ( e ) such incidental , consequential and supplementary matters as the Administrator considers necessary .

BC: Expenditure on central sector schemes will be 13 paise, while the allocation for centrally-sponsored schemes will be 9 paise.
AC: Expenditure on central sector schemes will be 13 paise , while the allocation for centrally-sponsored schemes will be 9 paise .

BC: Around 350 crore invoices were processed and 11 crore returns were filed.
AC: Around 350 crore invoices were processed and 11 crore returns were filed .

BC: The official announcement on the film will come out soon.
AC: The official announcement on the film will come out soon .

BC: More details about the film will come out soon.
AC: More details about the film will come out soon .

BC: On the work front, Mahesh Babu has been busy with the shoot of his upcoming film Maharshi which went on floors last year
AC: On the work front , Mahesh Babu has been busy with the shoot of his upcoming film Maharshi which went on floors last year

BC: It can increase fat burning and help with weight loss - coconut oil contains medium chain triglycerides (MCTs) that boost fat burning and increase mental clarity.
AC: It can increase fat burning and help with weight loss - coconut oil contains medium chain triglycerides ( MCTs ) that boost fat burning and increase mental clarity .

BC: The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) had announced their 16-man squad for the upcoming Test and T20Is against Australia.
AC: The Pakistan Cricket Board ( PCB ) had announced their 16-man squad for the upcoming Test and T20Is against Australia .

BC: Kohli force behind Dhoni's resurgence: Ganguly
AC: Kohli force behind Dhoni 's resurgence : Ganguly

BC: With this, much of the problems will be solved.
AC: With this , much of the problems will be solved .

BC: Is such a thing possible at the present moment?
AC: Is such a thing possible at the present moment ?

BC: And who knoweth whether he shall be a wise man or a fool? yet shall he have rule over all my labour wherein I have laboured, and wherein I have shewed myself wise under the sun. This is also vanity.
AC: And who knoweth whether he shall be a wise man or a fool ? yet shall he have rule over all my labour wherein I have laboured , and wherein I have shewed myself wise under the sun . This is also vanity .

BC: The police has initiated inquest proceedings into the incident and has handed over the body to the family after conducting post-mortem at a hospital.
AC: The police has initiated inquest proceedings into the incident and has handed over the body to the family after conducting post-mortem at a hospital .

BC: Wife's husband
AC: Wife 's husband

BC: Tata Motors, Adani Ports, Hero MotoCorp, Bajaj Auto and ITC too gained.
AC: Tata Motors , Adani Ports , Hero MotoCorp , Bajaj Auto and ITC too gained .

BC: He replied to most of these questions.
AC: He replied to most of these questions .

BC: It is of no use at all.
AC: It is of no use at all .

BC: Police made efforts to regulate the movement of people.
AC: Police made efforts to regulate the movement of people .

BC: No application fee will be charged.
AC: No application fee will be charged .

BC: Meanwhile, Vinod enters Teja's home to escape from cops and is waiting for his arrival to kill him.
AC: Meanwhile , Vinod enters Teja 's home to escape from cops and is waiting for his arrival to kill him .

BC: He said the government is making efforts to install many water treatment plants, in all the cities along the banks of the Ganges, to prevent the water of dirty drains from falling directly into the Ganges.
AC: He said the government is making efforts to install many water treatment plants , in all the cities along the banks of the Ganges , to prevent the water of dirty drains from falling directly into the Ganges .

BC: Prashanth Neel's KGF featured Rocking Star Yash in the lead role while Srinidhi Shetty played the leading lady.
AC: Prashanth Neel 's KGF featured Rocking Star Yash in the lead role while Srinidhi Shetty played the leading lady .

BC: They are my inspiration.
AC: They are my inspiration .

BC: They have joined the BJP.
AC: They have joined the BJP .

BC: Gold prices inched up.
AC: Gold prices inched up .

BC: They have been discharged from the hospital.
AC: They have been discharged from the hospital .

BC: This issue shouldn't be politicized.
AC: This issue shouldn 't be politicized .

BC: No one should have any doubt in this regard.
AC: No one should have any doubt in this regard .

BC: Yet, it could happen before that.
AC: Yet , it could happen before that .

BC: Speaker Tammeneni said he was a participant in the sin of denigrating NTR.
AC: Speaker Tammeneni said he was a participant in the sin of denigrating NTR .

BC: You should ask Nitish Kumar that question.
AC: You should ask Nitish Kumar that question .

BC: He is the very epitome of love.
AC: He is the very epitome of love .

BC: said Vijay Devarakonda.
AC: said Vijay Devarakonda .

BC: I have not come from Lahore.
AC: I have not come from Lahore .

BC: After this Alexander has defeated them.
AC: After this Alexander has defeated them .

BC: What is this story?
AC: What is this story ?

BC: Indian cricketer Virat Kohli and wife Anushka Sharma.
AC: Indian cricketer Virat Kohli and wife Anushka Sharma .

BC: But she didnt agree.
AC: But she didnt agree .

BC: You must watch the film.
AC: You must watch the film .

BC: It is also useful in treating joint pain.
AC: It is also useful in treating joint pain .

BC: You can also spike it!
AC: You can also spike it !

BC: This summer house was located on the same site where Walter Beard first established his health resort.
AC: This summer house was located on the same site where Walter Beard first established his health resort .

BC: It's definitely a bad news.
AC: It 's definitely a bad news .

BC: They urged the Centre to drop the CAA and NRC.
AC: They urged the Centre to drop the CAA and NRC .

BC: Six others are absconding.
AC: Six others are absconding .

BC: A truce with Modi?
AC: A truce with Modi ?

BC: Best wishes to all on International Mother Language Day, she had tweeted.
AC: Best wishes to all on International Mother Language Day , she had tweeted .

BC: Telecommunication, water supply and electricity transmission remained disrupted at many places.
AC: Telecommunication , water supply and electricity transmission remained disrupted at many places .

BC: HYDERABAD: Coronavirus cases in Telangana have been significantly increasing day by day.
AC: HYDERABAD : Coronavirus cases in Telangana have been significantly increasing day by day .

BC: Rs 22 crore.
AC: Rs 22 crore .

BC: He still has time.
AC: He still has time .

BC: Can India trust China?
AC: Can India trust China ?

BC: Why bother!
AC: Why bother !

BC: For Christians, physical achievement is of very limited worth.
AC: For Christians , physical achievement is of very limited worth .

BC: Bangladesh and India are South Asia's largest trading partners.
AC: Bangladesh and India are South Asia 's largest trading partners .

BC: The city offers a variety of touristic options.
AC: The city offers a variety of touristic options .

BC: Let's get into the details.
AC: Let 's get into the details .

BC: Tik Tik Tik Movie Review: Tik Tik Tik is India's first space film.
AC: Tik Tik Tik Movie Review : Tik Tik Tik is India 's first space film .

BC: The situation will then be reviewed and a decision will be taken accordingly, she added.
AC: The situation will then be reviewed and a decision will be taken accordingly , she added .

BC: """My father raped me."
AC: " " " My father raped me . "

BC: Here are some methods:
AC: Here are some methods :

BC: Fundamentals rights of citizens are being muzzled.
AC: Fundamentals rights of citizens are being muzzled .

BC: Such people will always want more money, and striving to amass it, they will bring on themselves many pains. 1 Tim.
AC: Such people will always want more money , and striving to amass it , they will bring on themselves many pains . 1 Tim .

BC: The film starred Aishwarya Rai, Ajay Devgn and Salman Khan in lead roles.
AC: The film starred Aishwarya Rai , Ajay Devgn and Salman Khan in lead roles .

BC: There are several options available for them.
AC: There are several options available for them .

BC: 75 crore.
AC: 75 crore .

BC: London: One of the worst-affected cities of Britain, London recorded 3,554 cases of coronavirus in the last 24 hours
AC: London : One of the worst-affected cities of Britain , London recorded 3,554 cases of coronavirus in the last 24 hours

BC: There are lot of difficulties.
AC: There are lot of difficulties .

BC: Aravind Swamy will be seen as the male lead in the movie.
AC: Aravind Swamy will be seen as the male lead in the movie .

BC: But there were no roads.
AC: But there were no roads .

BC: I was disappointed.
AC: I was disappointed .

BC: Pop stars Lady Gaga (2.6 per cent), Rihanna (1.9 per cent) and Taylor Swift (1.8 per cent) rounded out the top five
AC: Pop stars Lady Gaga ( 2.6 per cent ) , Rihanna ( 1.9 per cent ) and Taylor Swift ( 1.8 per cent ) rounded out the top five

BC: Home Minister Amit Shah & Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis will be present at the event.
AC: Home Minister Amit Shah & Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis will be present at the event .

BC: Whos the father then?
AC: Whos the father then ?

BC: They are presently being tried in court.
AC: They are presently being tried in court .

BC: It was also released in Tamil and Telugu.
AC: It was also released in Tamil and Telugu .

BC: The central government on its part has acceded to some of the demands.
AC: The central government on its part has acceded to some of the demands .

BC: The app is available on Google Play store.
AC: The app is available on Google Play store .

BC: Both smiled at each other for a long time.
AC: Both smiled at each other for a long time .

BC: Which Akbar?
AC: Which Akbar ?

BC: The child reported the matter to her mother who called the police.
AC: The child reported the matter to her mother who called the police .

BC: The players watched in awe.
AC: The players watched in awe .

BC: He had then met Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
AC: He had then met Prime Minister Narendra Modi .

BC: Some see God and Godot as one and the same.
AC: Some see God and Godot as one and the same .

BC: I dont have fans.
AC: I dont have fans .

BC: She is she.
AC: She is she .

BC: Every woman confronts such issues.
AC: Every woman confronts such issues .

BC: Boil water and add salt.
AC: Boil water and add salt .

BC: I have faced many challenges in life.
AC: I have faced many challenges in life .

BC: They do not think of themselves.
AC: They do not think of themselves .

BC: "Who does not love, they do not know God, because God is love."""""
AC: " Who does not love , they do not know God , because God is love . " " " " "

BC: The programme was a great success.
AC: The programme was a great success .

BC: Details of Fees:
AC: Details of Fees :

BC: She later learned sitar and guitar and Bharatanatyam.
AC: She later learned sitar and guitar and Bharatanatyam .

BC: The reason behind the suicide is not known yet.
AC: The reason behind the suicide is not known yet .

BC: After the war, it invented the first metal drywall anchor in 1947.
AC: After the war , it invented the first metal drywall anchor in 1947 .

BC: That's the guy!
AC: That 's the guy !

BC: The upcoming SUV will go on sale in India from the 22nd of August, with bookings for the Seltos having already begun 20 days back, on the 16th of July
AC: The upcoming SUV will go on sale in India from the 22nd of August , with bookings for the Seltos having already begun 20 days back , on the 16th of July

BC: We couldn't understand what was happening.
AC: We couldn 't understand what was happening .

BC: 5 crores.
AC: 5 crores .

BC: But the story didnt end there.
AC: But the story didnt end there .

BC: Sh_ow windows from current workspace
AC: Sh _ ow windows from current workspace

BC: And imagine the joyful times that can be had when the family plays musical instruments together.
AC: And imagine the joyful times that can be had when the family plays musical instruments together .

BC: It will be available in Pearl Blue and Pearl White colour options.
AC: It will be available in Pearl Blue and Pearl White colour options .

BC: """We are on the track."
AC: " " " We are on the track . "

BC: All instructions provided by the health department should be adhered to.
AC: All instructions provided by the health department should be adhered to .

BC: """Everybody wants to be out of the house."
AC: " " " Everybody wants to be out of the house . "

BC: We had a very difficult time releasing the film.
AC: We had a very difficult time releasing the film .

BC: Tight security arrangements were made for the ceremony.
AC: Tight security arrangements were made for the ceremony .

BC: The entire country was shocked.
AC: The entire country was shocked .

BC: No, no, no.
AC: No , no , no .

BC: Fifteen persons were critically injured.
AC: Fifteen persons were critically injured .

BC: The film's release date will be revealed soon.
AC: The film 's release date will be revealed soon .

BC: Railway and defence employees have held demonstrations in support of the strike at their respective places of work.
AC: Railway and defence employees have held demonstrations in support of the strike at their respective places of work .

BC: Draining is followed with salting.
AC: Draining is followed with salting .

BC: However, the guards are leading him to a place of execution. That condemned criminal is as good as dead.
AC: However , the guards are leading him to a place of execution . That condemned criminal is as good as dead .

BC: International air travel is still prohibited.
AC: International air travel is still prohibited .

BC: Are you adventurous?
AC: Are you adventurous ?

BC: However, that is immaterial.
AC: However , that is immaterial .

BC: """This IPL will be different."
AC: " " " This IPL will be different . "

BC: But when we endure such suffering, good personal qualities can be enhanced and happiness produced.
AC: But when we endure such suffering , good personal qualities can be enhanced and happiness produced .

BC: How are children doing in school?
AC: How are children doing in school ?

BC: You dont need them.
AC: You dont need them .

BC: Singrauli main basin lies in the western part of the coalfield and is largely unexplored.
AC: Singrauli main basin lies in the western part of the coalfield and is largely unexplored .

BC: But this will not happen in the Congress.
AC: But this will not happen in the Congress .

BC: A simple life - style is highly recommended in the Bible: Having sustenance and covering, we shall be content with these things. 1 Timothy 6: 8.
AC: A simple life - style is highly recommended in the Bible : Having sustenance and covering , we shall be content with these things . 1 Timothy 6 : 8 .

BC: The police!
AC: The police !

BC: The new Cavalry Bureau encountered a number of problems from the very beginning.
AC: The new Cavalry Bureau encountered a number of problems from the very beginning .

BC: Congress president Rahul Gandhi along with other senior leaders of the party were present in the meeting.
AC: Congress president Rahul Gandhi along with other senior leaders of the party were present in the meeting .

BC: How do you select a broker?
AC: How do you select a broker ?

BC: And Herod said, John have I beheaded: but who is this, of whom I hear such things? And he desired to see him.
AC: And Herod said , John have I beheaded : but who is this , of whom I hear such things ? And he desired to see him .

BC: It has also said the Kashmir issue should be addressed by India and Pakistan through negotiations.
AC: It has also said the Kashmir issue should be addressed by India and Pakistan through negotiations .

BC: He made the statement in his Facebook post.
AC: He made the statement in his Facebook post .

BC: The incident happened in Chhattisgarh's Bhilai.
AC: The incident happened in Chhattisgarh 's Bhilai .

BC: Whats this?
AC: Whats this ?

BC: The Election Commission submitted the list of 542 newly-elected members of the Lok Sabha to the president.
AC: The Election Commission submitted the list of 542 newly-elected members of the Lok Sabha to the president .

BC: Don't know why.
AC: Don 't know why .

BC: This had become a huge talking point back then.
AC: This had become a huge talking point back then .

BC: India and China are currently at loggerheads over Doklam plateau in Bhutan.
AC: India and China are currently at loggerheads over Doklam plateau in Bhutan .

BC: The Bible says: Michal had David descend through the window, that he might go and run away and escape.
AC: The Bible says : Michal had David descend through the window , that he might go and run away and escape .

BC: 39 (w.e.f. 20-6-1979).
AC: 39 ( w.e.f. 20-6-1979 ) .

BC: There was unity between the Hindus and the Muslims.
AC: There was unity between the Hindus and the Muslims .

BC: No country has done this in history.
AC: No country has done this in history .

BC: But board members denied this.
AC: But board members denied this .

BC: The match was interrupted due to rain.
AC: The match was interrupted due to rain .

BC: Mario Camus and Pilar Mir worked together in Curro Jimnez.
AC: Mario Camus and Pilar Mir worked together in Curro Jimnez .

BC: Pick up the phone.
AC: Pick up the phone .

BC: Keep these in mind...
AC: Keep these in mind ...

BC: Leaders of various organizations participated in the silent protest.
AC: Leaders of various organizations participated in the silent protest .

BC: It all requires a lot of time.
AC: It all requires a lot of time .

BC: The police has rounded up 21 persons in this connection.
AC: The police has rounded up 21 persons in this connection .

BC: Police arrangements had been made to ensure that no untoward incident took place.
AC: Police arrangements had been made to ensure that no untoward incident took place .

BC: Lakhs of passengers travel in the RTC buses every day.
AC: Lakhs of passengers travel in the RTC buses every day .

BC: 200 crores.
AC: 200 crores .

BC: There were massive protests across the state.
AC: There were massive protests across the state .

BC: That's not rape.
AC: That 's not rape .

BC: While Chahal conceded 88 runs off his 10 overs without any success, Kuldeep went for 72 runs and picked up just one wicket.
AC: While Chahal conceded 88 runs off his 10 overs without any success , Kuldeep went for 72 runs and picked up just one wicket .

BC: Great expectations.
AC: Great expectations .

BC: Unhealthy food can lead to complications.
AC: Unhealthy food can lead to complications .

BC: How did Jesus feel toward the crowds that came to him, and what did he do in response?
AC: How did Jesus feel toward the crowds that came to him , and what did he do in response ?

BC: On the other side, Priyadarshini's family members said she had committed suicide by hanging herself.
AC: On the other side , Priyadarshini 's family members said she had committed suicide by hanging herself .

BC: I dont have major demands.
AC: I dont have major demands .

BC: Its a good name.
AC: Its a good name .

BC: The existing members of the selection panel are Jatin Paranjpe, Devang Gandhi and Sarandeep Singh.
AC: The existing members of the selection panel are Jatin Paranjpe , Devang Gandhi and Sarandeep Singh .

BC: Kejriwal asked.
AC: Kejriwal asked .

BC: He said that we are now looking forward to growth in the 3rd and 4th quarters.
AC: He said that we are now looking forward to growth in the 3rd and 4th quarters .

BC: Rahul apparently plays the role of a cinematographer in the film.
AC: Rahul apparently plays the role of a cinematographer in the film .

BC: Salary 12 thousand.
AC: Salary 12 thousand .

BC: Modi speaks to Australian PM, conveys concern over visa issue
AC: Modi speaks to Australian PM , conveys concern over visa issue

BC: Police said they have seized three vehicles involved in the mishap.
AC: Police said they have seized three vehicles involved in the mishap .

BC: It can be in a river, lake, or pond.
AC: It can be in a river , lake , or pond .

BC: The bodies of the two deceased have been sent for post mortem.
AC: The bodies of the two deceased have been sent for post mortem .

BC: Even BSP chief Mayawati is not attending the rally.
AC: Even BSP chief Mayawati is not attending the rally .

BC: """We are not yet convinced whether the suspect who was killed operated alone"", Santa Monica police chief Jacqueline Seabrooks told reporters"
AC: " " " We are not yet convinced whether the suspect who was killed operated alone " , " Santa Monica police chief Jacqueline Seabrooks told reporters "

BC: A party needs 145 MLAs to form the government in Maharashtra.
AC: A party needs 145 MLAs to form the government in Maharashtra .

BC: The rates are varying every day.
AC: The rates are varying every day .

BC: The teaser of the film which was released couple of months ago had increased the expectations for the film.
AC: The teaser of the film which was released couple of months ago had increased the expectations for the film .

BC: No mother!
AC: No mother !

BC: He requested the government to aid the families of the deceased.
AC: He requested the government to aid the families of the deceased .

BC: We don't have any worth
AC: We don 't have any worth

BC: Ayyodya Ramireddy, Pilli Subhash Chandra Bose, Parimal Natwani, Mopidevi Venkataramana are in fray from YSRCP and Varla Ramaiah from TDP.
AC: Ayyodya Ramireddy , Pilli Subhash Chandra Bose , Parimal Natwani , Mopidevi Venkataramana are in fray from YSRCP and Varla Ramaiah from TDP .

BC: It consisted of all of Champaran except for a small portion held by the Ram Nagar Raj (held by Bhumihars).
AC: It consisted of all of Champaran except for a small portion held by the Ram Nagar Raj ( held by Bhumihars ) .

BC: He was not arrested.
AC: He was not arrested .

BC: Or discomfort.
AC: Or discomfort .

BC: Students are apprehensive of failing in their examinations.
AC: Students are apprehensive of failing in their examinations .

BC: Telangana PCC president Ponnala Laxmaiah blasted TRS president K.Chandrasekhar Rao for making allegations against him.
AC: Telangana PCC president Ponnala Laxmaiah blasted TRS president K.Chandrasekhar Rao for making allegations against him .

BC: They are all wrestlers.
AC: They are all wrestlers .

BC: Zoona has two sons and three daughters.
AC: Zoona has two sons and three daughters .

BC: The Government has earmarked Rs 300 crore for this.
AC: The Government has earmarked Rs 300 crore for this .

BC: Jammu and Kashmir Director General of Police SP Vaid said, I have asked the DIG of Udhampur range to visit the area.
AC: Jammu and Kashmir Director General of Police SP Vaid said , I have asked the DIG of Udhampur range to visit the area .

BC: Kareena Kapoor plays a corporate honcho, while Arjun Kapoor is a happy stay-at-home husband content with taking care of the household.
AC: Kareena Kapoor plays a corporate honcho , while Arjun Kapoor is a happy stay-at-home husband content with taking care of the household .

BC: India cannot afford to continue down on this path.
AC: India cannot afford to continue down on this path .

BC: At that moment, the electricity went off.
AC: At that moment , the electricity went off .

BC: The majority of cases have been reported in GHMC limits.
AC: The majority of cases have been reported in GHMC limits .

BC: Rajendra Nagar police have registered the case and initiated probe into the matter.
AC: Rajendra Nagar police have registered the case and initiated probe into the matter .

BC: They informed the Madukkarai police.
AC: They informed the Madukkarai police .

BC: Bollywood megastar Amtiabh Bachchan plays a guru to Chiranjeevi aka Uyyalawada Narasimha Reddy in the film.
AC: Bollywood megastar Amtiabh Bachchan plays a guru to Chiranjeevi aka Uyyalawada Narasimha Reddy in the film .

BC: In the next article, we will consider valuable lessons that can be learned by examining the activities of loyal and disloyal contemporaries of David.
AC: In the next article , we will consider valuable lessons that can be learned by examining the activities of loyal and disloyal contemporaries of David .

BC: He has been asked to submit a report on the incident.
AC: He has been asked to submit a report on the incident .

BC: But story is very different.
AC: But story is very different .

BC: Delaware's Governors, 1949 to the present.
AC: Delaware 's Governors , 1949 to the present .

BC: Prevention is always better than treatment.
AC: Prevention is always better than treatment .

BC: She has over 1.5 million subscribers on her YouTube channel.
AC: She has over 1.5 million subscribers on her YouTube channel .

BC: Those comments triggered a huge controversy.
AC: Those comments triggered a huge controversy .

BC: Jaya Prada played the role of Sujata , Rajinikanth did the role of Jai Ganesh, Kamal Haasan played the role of Narayana Rao.
AC: Jaya Prada played the role of Sujata , Rajinikanth did the role of Jai Ganesh , Kamal Haasan played the role of Narayana Rao .

BC: He demanded that salaries should be released immediately.
AC: He demanded that salaries should be released immediately .

BC: We ourselves have to protect us.
AC: We ourselves have to protect us .

BC: Who doesnt like dancing in the rain?
AC: Who doesnt like dancing in the rain ?

BC: Health will be improve.
AC: Health will be improve .

BC: Only some do.
AC: Only some do .

BC: Book review: The Wicked Boy
AC: Book review : The Wicked Boy

BC: 2500 each.
AC: 2500 each .

BC: Government brings forward the target date for full completion of rural road connectivity under PMGSY by 3 years.
AC: Government brings forward the target date for full completion of rural road connectivity under PMGSY by 3 years .

BC: The TMC leader also demanded a CBI probe.
AC: The TMC leader also demanded a CBI probe .

BC: As many as 10 to 20 years may pass without symptoms.
AC: As many as 10 to 20 years may pass without symptoms .

BC: Police detained the protestors and shifted them to a police station.
AC: Police detained the protestors and shifted them to a police station .

BC: However, the Bigg Boss didnt agree to it.
AC: However , the Bigg Boss didnt agree to it .

BC: Sridevi did not do films anymore.
AC: Sridevi did not do films anymore .

BC: everyone asks.
AC: everyone asks .

BC: I do business.
AC: I do business .

BC: These suits may be very difficult to put on and face problems with providing a uniform pressure.
AC: These suits may be very difficult to put on and face problems with providing a uniform pressure .

BC: Chief Minister Kiran Kumar Reddy and DGP Dinesh Reddy have resorted to anti-constitutional activities, said TJAC chairman Kodandaram
AC: Chief Minister Kiran Kumar Reddy and DGP Dinesh Reddy have resorted to anti-constitutional activities , said TJAC chairman Kodandaram

BC: This is relatively simple.
AC: This is relatively simple .

BC: Such dangers are compounded by the sexually oriented times in which we live.
AC: Such dangers are compounded by the sexually oriented times in which we live .

BC: Its IPX7 water proof as well.
AC: Its IPX7 water proof as well .

BC: It would be beneficial to the persecuted minorities or displaced people from Pakistan, Bangladesh, and Afghanistan.
AC: It would be beneficial to the persecuted minorities or displaced people from Pakistan , Bangladesh , and Afghanistan .

BC: Later, around 1.20 am he called again to inform that he would return home in the morning as the party went on late
AC: Later , around 1.20 am he called again to inform that he would return home in the morning as the party went on late

BC: This was not the first time Peter had seen the resurrected Jesus, and he was no doubt thrilled to know that Jesus was alive.
AC: This was not the first time Peter had seen the resurrected Jesus , and he was no doubt thrilled to know that Jesus was alive .

BC: The ice cream comes in various shapes and sizes.
AC: The ice cream comes in various shapes and sizes .

BC: Common symptoms of coronavirus infection include fever, cough, respiratory symptoms, and difficulty in breathing.
AC: Common symptoms of coronavirus infection include fever , cough , respiratory symptoms , and difficulty in breathing .

BC: He also claimed that KCR made rich Telangana a debt-ridden state.
AC: He also claimed that KCR made rich Telangana a debt-ridden state .

BC: Repeat the same 6 times more.
AC: Repeat the same 6 times more .

BC: This includes a more chiselled tank, new body graphics, tank shrouds, newly-designed fuel tank and a front visor as well. all of which bring a sporty character to the motorcycle
AC: This includes a more chiselled tank , new body graphics , tank shrouds , newly-designed fuel tank and a front visor as well. all of which bring a sporty character to the motorcycle

BC: Can we say?
AC: Can we say ?

BC: "We will forever be indebted for the help you have offered in saving our little soul."""
AC: " We will forever be indebted for the help you have offered in saving our little soul . " " "

BC: Recently, ISRO sent Chandrayaan-2 to the moon.
AC: Recently , ISRO sent Chandrayaan-2 to the moon .

BC: BJP state leader Kanna Lakshmi Narayana, Congress leader KVP Ramachandra Rao were also invited for the ceremony
AC: BJP state leader Kanna Lakshmi Narayana , Congress leader KVP Ramachandra Rao were also invited for the ceremony

BC: These refunds would get credited directly to the taxpayer bank account in 5-7 business days from issuance.
AC: These refunds would get credited directly to the taxpayer bank account in 5-7 business days from issuance .

BC: Over 67,385 babies were born in India on New Years Day.
AC: Over 67,385 babies were born in India on New Years Day .

BC: Prime Minister's Office PMs address via Video Conference, at the World Conference on IT, Hyderabad Ladies and Gentlemen I am happy to inauguratethe World Congress on Information Technology.
AC: Prime Minister 's Office PMs address via Video Conference , at the World Conference on IT , Hyderabad Ladies and Gentlemen I am happy to inauguratethe World Congress on Information Technology .

BC: How does the couple communicate with each other?
AC: How does the couple communicate with each other ?

BC: Theres nowhere to go.
AC: Theres nowhere to go .

BC: The film has generated a lot of buzz ahead of its release.
AC: The film has generated a lot of buzz ahead of its release .

BC: On that day, Rs
AC: On that day , Rs

BC: Second, is his wife.
AC: Second , is his wife .

BC: Whats going on..?
AC: Whats going on .. ?

BC: This will have to change.
AC: This will have to change .

BC: The case is already before the High Court.
AC: The case is already before the High Court .

BC: Black pepper powder: 1 tsp
AC: Black pepper powder : 1 tsp

BC: The temple was decorated with colourful lights.
AC: The temple was decorated with colourful lights .

BC: Helmed by Vakkantham Vamsi, the film also stars Anu Emmanuel as the leading lady.
AC: Helmed by Vakkantham Vamsi , the film also stars Anu Emmanuel as the leading lady .

BC: This is entirely in government hands.
AC: This is entirely in government hands .

BC: The assembly election dates for Andhra Pradesh, Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh and Odisha are revealed by the ECI today
AC: The assembly election dates for Andhra Pradesh , Sikkim , Arunachal Pradesh and Odisha are revealed by the ECI today

BC: According to the data, love affairs were the most dominant reason behind the murders that took place in Andhra Pradesh, Punjab, Gujarat and Maharashtra.
AC: According to the data , love affairs were the most dominant reason behind the murders that took place in Andhra Pradesh , Punjab , Gujarat and Maharashtra .

BC: "You have loved righteousness, and hated iniquity. therefore God, your God, has anointed you with the oil of gladness above your fellows."""
AC: " You have loved righteousness , and hated iniquity. therefore God , your God , has anointed you with the oil of gladness above your fellows . " " "

BC: What is Raman Effect?
AC: What is Raman Effect ?

BC: The police stopped them at Sansad Marg.
AC: The police stopped them at Sansad Marg .

BC: Is he the president?
AC: Is he the president ?

BC: Music changed my life.
AC: Music changed my life .

BC: The shooting of the film is currently going on in Goa.
AC: The shooting of the film is currently going on in Goa .

BC: The incident took place early in the morning.
AC: The incident took place early in the morning .

BC: Who doesn't want to live long?
AC: Who doesn 't want to live long ?

BC: Accordingly, schools started online classes.
AC: Accordingly , schools started online classes .

BC: Why the controversy?
AC: Why the controversy ?

BC: The BJP had won only five seats in the last assembly elections.
AC: The BJP had won only five seats in the last assembly elections .

BC: """That is the future."
AC: " " " That is the future . "

BC: WWE later acknowledged to CNBC that he was not truly dead.
AC: WWE later acknowledged to CNBC that he was not truly dead .

BC: This makes it easily digestible and nutritious.
AC: This makes it easily digestible and nutritious .

BC: But despite this, Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan did not react.
AC: But despite this , Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan did not react .

BC: 2 lakh insurance cover.
AC: 2 lakh insurance cover .

BC: Assembly polls: BJP tsunami sweeps Congress away
AC: Assembly polls : BJP tsunami sweeps Congress away

BC: Let us see in couple of days.
AC: Let us see in couple of days .

BC: At the same time, Vijay's guardian Gopalam (Mikkilineni) reveals the past that his entire family has been slaughtered by a hardcore criminal James (Satyanarayana) and the tragic incident happened at the same place Cochin itself.
AC: At the same time , Vijay 's guardian Gopalam ( Mikkilineni ) reveals the past that his entire family has been slaughtered by a hardcore criminal James ( Satyanarayana ) and the tragic incident happened at the same place Cochin itself .

BC: Till the publication of the letter of Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh, I was not having much information about him.
AC: Till the publication of the letter of Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh , I was not having much information about him .

BC: The platform has changed too.
AC: The platform has changed too .

BC: Punish the perpetrators!
AC: Punish the perpetrators !

BC: This was long pending.
AC: This was long pending .

BC: It is an old picture.
AC: It is an old picture .

BC: PDA ID is %ld, name is %s, owner is %s
AC: PDA ID is % ld , name is % s , owner is % s

BC: All three children are now married and, with their mates, are zealous ministers of the Kingdom.
AC: All three children are now married and , with their mates , are zealous ministers of the Kingdom .

BC: It seemed ominous.
AC: It seemed ominous .

BC: God only knows, she said.
AC: God only knows , she said .

BC: These snails live in trees.
AC: These snails live in trees .

BC: Pooja Hegde plays the leading lady.
AC: Pooja Hegde plays the leading lady .

BC: What is animal intelligence?
AC: What is animal intelligence ?

BC: It is providing employment to lakhs of people.
AC: It is providing employment to lakhs of people .

BC: Nandamuri scion Jr NTR is the most sought-after hero among the younger crop.
AC: Nandamuri scion Jr NTR is the most sought-after hero among the younger crop .

BC: The students should not worry.
AC: The students should not worry .

BC: Chief Minister YS Jagan Mohan Reddy has laid special emphasis on farmers issues.
AC: Chief Minister YS Jagan Mohan Reddy has laid special emphasis on farmers issues .

BC: """We are looking forward to the India challenge"
AC: " " " We are looking forward to the India challenge "

BC: I cannot come back.
AC: I cannot come back .

BC: 41 crores.
AC: 41 crores .

BC: The film has very good demand in all areas.
AC: The film has very good demand in all areas .

BC: After verifying the provided details, click on Next button.
AC: After verifying the provided details , click on Next button .

BC: I was virtually confined to home.
AC: I was virtually confined to home .

BC: He demanded a response from Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
AC: He demanded a response from Prime Minister Narendra Modi .

BC: While most of the citizens have been home bound following the regulations imposed due to the countrywide lockdown, some personsviz, medical and police personnel , have been working beyond their normal call of duty in these difficult times
AC: While most of the citizens have been home bound following the regulations imposed due to the countrywide lockdown , some personsviz , medical and police personnel , have been working beyond their normal call of duty in these difficult times

BC: This film is being made in Telugu and Tamil.
AC: This film is being made in Telugu and Tamil .

BC: What makes a river flow? In a word, gravity.
AC: What makes a river flow ? In a word , gravity .

BC: One factor is worth pointing out here.
AC: One factor is worth pointing out here .

BC: I will do films.
AC: I will do films .

BC: The Reserve Bank of India recently announced doing away with the charges levied on fund transfers through RTGS and NEFT.
AC: The Reserve Bank of India recently announced doing away with the charges levied on fund transfers through RTGS and NEFT .

BC: Zomatos response won it many admirers.
AC: Zomatos response won it many admirers .

BC: He said reforms are continuously being undertaken to promote manufacturing in India.
AC: He said reforms are continuously being undertaken to promote manufacturing in India .

BC: The makers are planning to release the film in summer 2021.
AC: The makers are planning to release the film in summer 2021 .

BC: Neera Chandhoke is a former Professor of Political Science at Delhi University (Courtesy: The Hindu)
AC: Neera Chandhoke is a former Professor of Political Science at Delhi University ( Courtesy : The Hindu )

BC: This should help in minimizing the threat posed by extreme weather conditions.
AC: This should help in minimizing the threat posed by extreme weather conditions .

BC: Why is Maha Shivratri celebrated?
AC: Why is Maha Shivratri celebrated ?

BC: Theres a lack of humanity.
AC: Theres a lack of humanity .

BC: A memorandum to this effect was submitted to the Chief Minister.
AC: A memorandum to this effect was submitted to the Chief Minister .

BC: Find out the truth...
AC: Find out the truth ...

BC: In India, three cases have been reported in Kerala.
AC: In India , three cases have been reported in Kerala .

BC: There is no need to fear this.
AC: There is no need to fear this .

BC: I know that it is tough.
AC: I know that it is tough .

BC: Police said the arrested accused have been sent to jail.
AC: Police said the arrested accused have been sent to jail .

BC: Shri Dharmendra Pradhan addresses USISPF-3rd annual leadership summit. Invites US companies to partner in Aatmanirbhar Bharat campaign
AC: Shri Dharmendra Pradhan addresses USISPF-3rd annual leadership summit . Invites US companies to partner in Aatmanirbhar Bharat campaign

BC: No cases were registered.
AC: No cases were registered .

BC: The meeting was attended by transport minister Puvvada Ajay Kumar, Government Chief Advisor Rajiv Sharma, Chief Secretary SK Joshi, and RTC MD Sunil Sharma.
AC: The meeting was attended by transport minister Puvvada Ajay Kumar , Government Chief Advisor Rajiv Sharma , Chief Secretary SK Joshi , and RTC MD Sunil Sharma .

BC: There is dissatisfaction within the Congress Party.
AC: There is dissatisfaction within the Congress Party .

BC: "Who'd ever notice another mad man round here?"""
AC: " Who 'd ever notice another mad man round here ? " " "

BC: The recovery rate in Telangana was 92.65 per cent, while it was 92.8 per cent in the country.
AC: The recovery rate in Telangana was 92.65 per cent , while it was 92.8 per cent in the country .

BC: More details on the film are expected to be announced soon.
AC: More details on the film are expected to be announced soon .

BC: Similarly, they refer to the so - called New Testament as the Greek Scriptures, for the Greek language was used by men who were inspired by God to write that part of the Bible.
AC: Similarly , they refer to the so - called New Testament as the Greek Scriptures , for the Greek language was used by men who were inspired by God to write that part of the Bible .

BC: Here are the latest updates on the film.
AC: Here are the latest updates on the film .

BC: Dont we need the Supreme Court?
AC: Dont we need the Supreme Court ?

BC: Don't forget to subscribe!
AC: Don 't forget to subscribe !

BC: They were targeting media and police.
AC: They were targeting media and police .

BC: A lump sum is paid to the nominee if death occurs within the policy tenure.
AC: A lump sum is paid to the nominee if death occurs within the policy tenure .

BC: We dont need any national language.
AC: We dont need any national language .

BC: The risk of developing the disease increases with age.
AC: The risk of developing the disease increases with age .

BC: Click on the result link.
AC: Click on the result link .

BC: In terms of Government of India Notification No.4(4)-B/(W&M)/2020 dated April 13, 2020, Sovereign Gold Bonds 2020-21 (Series V) will be opened for the period August 03-07, 2020 with Settlement date August 11, 2020
AC: In terms of Government of India Notification No.4 ( 4 ) -B / ( W & M ) / 2020 dated April 13 , 2020 , Sovereign Gold Bonds 2020-21 ( Series V ) will be opened for the period August 03-07 , 2020 with Settlement date August 11 , 2020

BC: They are all coming.
AC: They are all coming .

BC: It is made from donkey milk.
AC: It is made from donkey milk .

BC: No casualty was sustained by the security forces.
AC: No casualty was sustained by the security forces .

BC: The parents dont want to send their kids to schools.
AC: The parents dont want to send their kids to schools .

BC: KKR beat Rajasthan Royals in the Eliminator to make Qualifier 2.
AC: KKR beat Rajasthan Royals in the Eliminator to make Qualifier 2 .

BC: He demanded that the decision should be revoked.
AC: He demanded that the decision should be revoked .

BC: English and Hindi are also spoken.
AC: English and Hindi are also spoken .

BC: Bigg Boss Telugu has become a blockbuster tv reality show.
AC: Bigg Boss Telugu has become a blockbuster tv reality show .

BC: As the nodal agency, KVIC is committed to hand-hold the upcoming projects under PMEGP, he added.
AC: As the nodal agency , KVIC is committed to hand-hold the upcoming projects under PMEGP , he added .

BC: White Stork The stork in the accompanying picture has no time for a summer break.
AC: White Stork The stork in the accompanying picture has no time for a summer break .

BC: However, the police have taken cognisance of the matter.
AC: However , the police have taken cognisance of the matter .

BC: He knew what the outcome would be.
AC: He knew what the outcome would be .

BC: I have just returned from Delhi.
AC: I have just returned from Delhi .

BC: Perhaps the parents are simply too busy to notice what their children are doing.
AC: Perhaps the parents are simply too busy to notice what their children are doing .

BC: The Cabinet approved to make Telugu as mandatory subject in all the schools in the state.
AC: The Cabinet approved to make Telugu as mandatory subject in all the schools in the state .

BC: For this, there is a need for preparation.
AC: For this , there is a need for preparation .

BC: Often tour operators do that.
AC: Often tour operators do that .

BC: Do we believe that?
AC: Do we believe that ?

BC: In this regard, Department of Expenditure has issued instructions that (due to COVID-19 pandemic) on the invocation of Force Majeure Clause (FMC), contract period may be extended for a period not less than three months and not more than six months without imposition of any cost or penalty on the contractor/concessionaire
AC: In this regard , Department of Expenditure has issued instructions that ( due to COVID-19 pandemic ) on the invocation of Force Majeure Clause ( FMC ) , contract period may be extended for a period not less than three months and not more than six months without imposition of any cost or penalty on the contractor / concessionaire

BC: But the girl's parents forced her to marry another man.
AC: But the girl 's parents forced her to marry another man .

BC: However, that's not true.
AC: However , that 's not true .

BC: Priya Prakash Varrier's Malayalam film Oru Adaar Love has garnered a good buzz around its release.
AC: Priya Prakash Varrier 's Malayalam film Oru Adaar Love has garnered a good buzz around its release .

BC: Both ruling and opposition parties are displaying combative politics.
AC: Both ruling and opposition parties are displaying combative politics .

BC: Sahays character has been portrayed in Dhonis biographical Bollywood film, 'MS Dhoni: The Untold Story'.
AC: Sahays character has been portrayed in Dhonis biographical Bollywood film , ' MS Dhoni : The Untold Story ' .

BC: Dont say that.
AC: Dont say that .

BC: A total of 15 counting centres have been set up in Hyderabad.
AC: A total of 15 counting centres have been set up in Hyderabad .

BC: So they need to be treated.
AC: So they need to be treated .

BC: Is the situation dire?
AC: Is the situation dire ?

BC: HYDERABAD: Stylish Star Allu Arjun and Sukumar have joined their hands together for a film, titled, PUSHPA.
AC: HYDERABAD : Stylish Star Allu Arjun and Sukumar have joined their hands together for a film , titled , PUSHPA .

BC: """Gold Stick"""
AC: " " " Gold Stick " " "

BC: I love to do challenging characters.
AC: I love to do challenging characters .

BC: Another 14 people are reported missing.
AC: Another 14 people are reported missing .

BC: How do Antimicrobial fabrics work?
AC: How do Antimicrobial fabrics work ?

BC: Your life, your faith, the Bible, the congregation, and your wonderful hope for the future.
AC: Your life , your faith , the Bible , the congregation , and your wonderful hope for the future .

BC: Crazy isnt?
AC: Crazy isnt ?

BC: The police arrested Hayat Singh.
AC: The police arrested Hayat Singh .

BC: To these they added spiritual songs that were sung in their hearts. By both song and speech, they fittingly used their mouths to express praise.
AC: To these they added spiritual songs that were sung in their hearts . By both song and speech , they fittingly used their mouths to express praise .

BC: """Modi magic has worked again."
AC: " " " Modi magic has worked again . "

BC: I dont leave the house.
AC: I dont leave the house .

BC: Gandhi's principles are good for all political leaders in indian for our generation.
AC: Gandhi 's principles are good for all political leaders in indian for our generation .

BC: There cannot be one.
AC: There cannot be one .

BC: The movie is made in three different languages.
AC: The movie is made in three different languages .

BC: That is a big plus.
AC: That is a big plus .

BC: 20 overs gone!
AC: 20 overs gone !

BC: As many as 14 people had died in the incident.
AC: As many as 14 people had died in the incident .

BC: Theyre contradictory.
AC: Theyre contradictory .

BC: He urged all to fight the menace collectively.
AC: He urged all to fight the menace collectively .

BC: It is wrong information.
AC: It is wrong information .

BC: It is also available on the Internet.
AC: It is also available on the Internet .

BC: The COVID-19 outbreak has devastated what was already an ailing economy.
AC: The COVID-19 outbreak has devastated what was already an ailing economy .

BC: It costs only Rs 5.
AC: It costs only Rs 5 .

BC: So have banks.
AC: So have banks .

BC: Bankrolled by Allu Aravind and S Radhakrishna under Geetha Arts and Haarika & Hassine Creations, Ala Vaikunthapurramuloo stars Pooja Hegde as the female lead, who acts as Arjun's love interest in the motion picture.
AC: Bankrolled by Allu Aravind and S Radhakrishna under Geetha Arts and Haarika & Hassine Creations , Ala Vaikunthapurramuloo stars Pooja Hegde as the female lead , who acts as Arjun 's love interest in the motion picture .

BC: 10 lakh onwards.
AC: 10 lakh onwards .

BC: The Hindu Dharma Prachara Parishat (HDPP), a wing of Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD), has decided to construct as many as 500 temples in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana.
AC: The Hindu Dharma Prachara Parishat ( HDPP ) , a wing of Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams ( TTD ) , has decided to construct as many as 500 temples in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana .

BC: An official announcement in this regard will be made soon.
AC: An official announcement in this regard will be made soon .

BC: What did you really talk about?
AC: What did you really talk about ?

BC: He looked tenderly at the older child.
AC: He looked tenderly at the older child .

BC: It is permanent.
AC: It is permanent .

BC: Modern train-sets with the state-of-the-art amenities and features are being designed at Integrated Coach Factory, Perambur.
AC: Modern train-sets with the state-of-the-art amenities and features are being designed at Integrated Coach Factory , Perambur .

BC: Are you also doing films?
AC: Are you also doing films ?

BC: He oversees everything.
AC: He oversees everything .

BC: Lacking Biblical details, we can take the statement as indicating some form of divine intervention in behalf of Israels army. 11 / 15, page 30.
AC: Lacking Biblical details , we can take the statement as indicating some form of divine intervention in behalf of Israels army . 11 / 15 , page 30 .

BC: The reality is totally different.
AC: The reality is totally different .

BC: "They said to him, ""Why does my lord speak such words as these? Far be it from your servants that they should do such a thing!"
AC: " They said to him , " " Why does my lord speak such words as these ? Far be it from your servants that they should do such a thing ! "

BC: Flipkart's minority shareholders after the deal include co-founder Binny Bansal, China's Tencent Holdings, US hedge fund Tiger Global Management and Microsoft Corp.
AC: Flipkart 's minority shareholders after the deal include co-founder Binny Bansal , China 's Tencent Holdings , US hedge fund Tiger Global Management and Microsoft Corp.

BC: There were several retakes.
AC: There were several retakes .

BC: For example, he personally selected Paul and supervised his training. Paul appreciated the training he received and passed on to other elders what he had learned.
AC: For example , he personally selected Paul and supervised his training . Paul appreciated the training he received and passed on to other elders what he had learned .

BC: The title of the film is Thalaivi and the biopic is based on the life of former Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu Jayalalithaa.
AC: The title of the film is Thalaivi and the biopic is based on the life of former Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu Jayalalithaa .

BC: However, it makes sense for politicians to support these projects.
AC: However , it makes sense for politicians to support these projects .

BC: The injured were taken to Banjar government hospital.
AC: The injured were taken to Banjar government hospital .

BC: He said that Ram Mandir will be a modern symbol of our culture, eternal faith, national spirit and collective will power which will inspire generations to come
AC: He said that Ram Mandir will be a modern symbol of our culture , eternal faith , national spirit and collective will power which will inspire generations to come

BC: This is the governments first priority.
AC: This is the governments first priority .

BC: It is not known yet.
AC: It is not known yet .

BC: Therefore pick a job that you would like to do.
AC: Therefore pick a job that you would like to do .

BC: And the food?
AC: And the food ?

BC: The police has registered the case on the wifes complaint.
AC: The police has registered the case on the wifes complaint .

BC: Did you do all the talking?
AC: Did you do all the talking ?

BC: I was sentenced to three years and forfeiture of all my property to the State.
AC: I was sentenced to three years and forfeiture of all my property to the State .

BC: Knowing the information, the police reached the scene and rushed the injured to the hospital.
AC: Knowing the information , the police reached the scene and rushed the injured to the hospital .

BC: Do you watch TV?
AC: Do you watch TV ?

BC: There are a total of 33 districts in Telangana.
AC: There are a total of 33 districts in Telangana .

BC: One woman was killed and many more badly hurt.
AC: One woman was killed and many more badly hurt .

BC: That has also stopped.
AC: That has also stopped .

BC: However, this isnt true.
AC: However , this isnt true .

BC: The new covenant makes possible a special kind of relationship with Jehovah God.
AC: The new covenant makes possible a special kind of relationship with Jehovah God .

BC: """Why do you worry?"
AC: " " " Why do you worry ? "

BC: He was earlier in the BJP.
AC: He was earlier in the BJP .

BC: The film will release soon.
AC: The film will release soon .

BC: This incident has shocked me.
AC: This incident has shocked me .

BC: Australia finished first, Argentina second and India third.
AC: Australia finished first , Argentina second and India third .

BC: Today, her whole family is serving Jehovah.
AC: Today , her whole family is serving Jehovah .

BC: Selecting Tires If you own a motor vehicle, you may be faced with the daunting task of selecting new tires.
AC: Selecting Tires If you own a motor vehicle , you may be faced with the daunting task of selecting new tires .

BC: What kind of a man are you?
AC: What kind of a man are you ?

BC: In Paris, France, he will have bilateral talks with recently elected French President Emmanuel Macron.
AC: In Paris , France , he will have bilateral talks with recently elected French President Emmanuel Macron .

BC: A case against the driver was registered.
AC: A case against the driver was registered .

BC: Little did I realize that I was babbling on and on, talking faster and more intensely with each passing moment.
AC: Little did I realize that I was babbling on and on , talking faster and more intensely with each passing moment .

BC: This time, the situation is no different.
AC: This time , the situation is no different .

BC: There has been a nation-wide outrage on the issue.
AC: There has been a nation-wide outrage on the issue .

BC: According to the TDP-BJP seat-sharing agreement, the BJP is set to contest eight parliamentary and 47 assembly seats in Telangana
AC: According to the TDP-BJP seat-sharing agreement , the BJP is set to contest eight parliamentary and 47 assembly seats in Telangana

BC: He has shared a heartfelt message for his fans on Twitter.
AC: He has shared a heartfelt message for his fans on Twitter .

BC: Brazil imports 90% of the potash it needs.
AC: Brazil imports 90 % of the potash it needs .

BC: Considering what is stated there will give us insight for doing good.
AC: Considering what is stated there will give us insight for doing good .

BC: With every passing day, India is changing.
AC: With every passing day , India is changing .

BC: Really good like really!
AC: Really good like really !

BC: Why, then, did my mother send me here for?
AC: Why , then , did my mother send me here for ?

BC: It started a fight between the two.
AC: It started a fight between the two .

BC: France is a member of North Atlantic Treaty Organization, but during the rule of President De Gaulle, it has opted out of joint military command to evade the American domination of its foreign and defense policies.
AC: France is a member of North Atlantic Treaty Organization , but during the rule of President De Gaulle , it has opted out of joint military command to evade the American domination of its foreign and defense policies .

BC: Samples from suspected patients are being sent to National Institute of Virology in Pune.
AC: Samples from suspected patients are being sent to National Institute of Virology in Pune .

BC: So where were we?
AC: So where were we ?

BC: Whats in the new policy?
AC: Whats in the new policy ?

BC: The enthusiasm percolates.
AC: The enthusiasm percolates .

BC: Though he was rarely awarded any royalties for the later uses and implementations of his inventions, he was able to live comfortably.
AC: Though he was rarely awarded any royalties for the later uses and implementations of his inventions , he was able to live comfortably .

BC: It's all a matter of personal taste.
AC: It 's all a matter of personal taste .

BC: There is no need for a CBI probe.
AC: There is no need for a CBI probe .

BC: The film is being made on a budget of Rs 400 Cr.
AC: The film is being made on a budget of Rs 400 Cr .

BC: He also said that TRS government was fulfilling all the promises made in the manifesto.
AC: He also said that TRS government was fulfilling all the promises made in the manifesto .

BC: This is the debate raging in political circles.
AC: This is the debate raging in political circles .

BC: This time, it was different. Floriano satisfied all my requirements!
AC: This time , it was different . Floriano satisfied all my requirements !

BC: But there is no turning back.
AC: But there is no turning back .

BC: I would like to see that.
AC: I would like to see that .

BC: It came to pass, when the days were near that he should be taken up, he intently set his face to go to Jerusalem,
AC: It came to pass , when the days were near that he should be taken up , he intently set his face to go to Jerusalem ,

BC: I have seen it happen many times.
AC: I have seen it happen many times .

BC: "Addon and collection paths need to end with ""/"""
AC: " Addon and collection paths need to end with " " / " " "

BC: What advice does God give to parents that can help them raise happy children?
AC: What advice does God give to parents that can help them raise happy children ?

BC: "I am sure the film will be a huge hit."""
AC: " I am sure the film will be a huge hit . " " "

BC: She sustained severe head injuries and died in the hospital.
AC: She sustained severe head injuries and died in the hospital .

BC: Senior Congress...
AC: Senior Congress ...

BC: Do some exercise daily.
AC: Do some exercise daily .

BC: At that, 22,000 of his men do so, leaving only 10,000. Deuteronomy 20: 8. Judges 7: 2, 3.
AC: At that , 22,000 of his men do so , leaving only 10,000 . Deuteronomy 20 : 8 . Judges 7 : 2 , 3 .

BC: Please call.
AC: Please call .

BC: What vocals.
AC: What vocals .

BC: How are they to be categorised?
AC: How are they to be categorised ?

BC: Dont be taken aback, it is true.
AC: Dont be taken aback , it is true .

BC: He visited temples.
AC: He visited temples .

BC: New Delhi: Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) students have once again become a subject of intense public scrutiny due to their ongoing protests against the hike in hostel fee.
AC: New Delhi : Jawaharlal Nehru University ( JNU ) students have once again become a subject of intense public scrutiny due to their ongoing protests against the hike in hostel fee .

BC: Helps to increase immunity.
AC: Helps to increase immunity .

BC: Celebrations are going on throughout the country.
AC: Celebrations are going on throughout the country .

BC: I have not thought beyond that.
AC: I have not thought beyond that .

BC: New Delhi, Sept 29: God of cricket Sachin Tendulkar who has achieved several milestones on cricket pitch has now lent his voice for 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan'
AC: New Delhi , Sept 29 : God of cricket Sachin Tendulkar who has achieved several milestones on cricket pitch has now lent his voice for ' Swachh Bharat Abhiyan'

BC: In the absence of a charismatic figure who could represent a moderate face of power, during this period a series of localized rebellions took place, such as the Cabanagem in Gro-Par Province, the Mal Revolt in Salvador da Bahia, the Balaiada (Maranho), the Sabinada (Bahia), and the Ragamuffin War, which began in Rio Grande do Sul and was supported by Giuseppe Garibaldi.
AC: In the absence of a charismatic figure who could represent a moderate face of power , during this period a series of localized rebellions took place , such as the Cabanagem in Gro-Par Province , the Mal Revolt in Salvador da Bahia , the Balaiada ( Maranho ) , the Sabinada ( Bahia ) , and the Ragamuffin War , which began in Rio Grande do Sul and was supported by Giuseppe Garibaldi .

BC: Hyderabad was hit by a flood.
AC: Hyderabad was hit by a flood .

BC: Not the opposite.
AC: Not the opposite .

BC: Ruja (pain)
AC: Ruja ( pain )

BC: Where has this money come from? he asked.
AC: Where has this money come from ? he asked .

BC: Are you funny?
AC: Are you funny ?

BC: But she was very insistent.
AC: But she was very insistent .

BC: Some women also notice redness on their breasts.
AC: Some women also notice redness on their breasts .

BC: Therefore, it was decided to replace them.
AC: Therefore , it was decided to replace them .

BC: KCR: Will Give Chandrababu Return Gift
AC: KCR : Will Give Chandrababu Return Gift

BC: The dish must cook for at least six hours.
AC: The dish must cook for at least six hours .

BC: [ Box / Pictures on page 8] INSTINCTIVELY WISE NAVIGATORS
AC: [ Box / Pictures on page 8 ] INSTINCTIVELY WISE NAVIGATORS

BC: Sharwanand played a role with two different looks in the film.
AC: Sharwanand played a role with two different looks in the film .

BC: Renault Kwid, Duster, Captur: Discounts & Offers For September
AC: Renault Kwid , Duster , Captur : Discounts & Offers For September

BC: Or in government services?
AC: Or in government services ?

BC: The government has not yet paid that either.
AC: The government has not yet paid that either .

BC: She will soon welcome her second baby.
AC: She will soon welcome her second baby .

BC: All else shut down.
AC: All else shut down .

BC: Loose Connectivity:
AC: Loose Connectivity :

BC: The state governments were not involved.
AC: The state governments were not involved .

BC: It is believed that the King Ramachandra of this dynasty established the city of Raipur and subsequently made it the capital of his kingdom.
AC: It is believed that the King Ramachandra of this dynasty established the city of Raipur and subsequently made it the capital of his kingdom .

BC: Let it remain so.
AC: Let it remain so .

BC: Nothing was clear about it at the time.
AC: Nothing was clear about it at the time .

BC: Sierra Leone is regarded as one of the most religiously tolerant countries in the world.
AC: Sierra Leone is regarded as one of the most religiously tolerant countries in the world .

BC: I feel blessed to be a part of such a fantastic industry.
AC: I feel blessed to be a part of such a fantastic industry .

BC: The distinction between the BJP and the Congress is clear.
AC: The distinction between the BJP and the Congress is clear .

BC: The committee consists of 21 members.
AC: The committee consists of 21 members .

BC: This is an irreparable loss to Congress party.
AC: This is an irreparable loss to Congress party .

BC: The movie is produced by Prasad Chukkapalli and Sudhakar Cherukuri under the banner Sri Lakshmi Venkateswara Cinemas.
AC: The movie is produced by Prasad Chukkapalli and Sudhakar Cherukuri under the banner Sri Lakshmi Venkateswara Cinemas .

BC: He recently joined TDP from YSRCP.
AC: He recently joined TDP from YSRCP .

BC: GST Bill is a Constitution amendment bill which has to be ratified by at least 50 per cent of the state legislatures.
AC: GST Bill is a Constitution amendment bill which has to be ratified by at least 50 per cent of the state legislatures .

BC: He has informed about this from his Twitter account.
AC: He has informed about this from his Twitter account .

BC: Everyone talks about that.
AC: Everyone talks about that .

BC: Bengal had the upper hand throughout the match.
AC: Bengal had the upper hand throughout the match .

BC: This is the first time India has topped the medals tally in three consecutive World Cups.
AC: This is the first time India has topped the medals tally in three consecutive World Cups .

BC: Finally, the matter went to court.
AC: Finally , the matter went to court .

BC: From this, the most prominent investments came from Singapore, Japan and China.
AC: From this , the most prominent investments came from Singapore , Japan and China .

BC: He hated everyone.
AC: He hated everyone .

BC: Trivia#52
AC: Trivia # 52

BC: Everyone wants to see beauty.
AC: Everyone wants to see beauty .

BC: Exam fee:
AC: Exam fee :

BC: I really like the Telugu language.
AC: I really like the Telugu language .

BC: Hyderabad and other towns in the state have also witnessed temperatures above 40 degrees Celsius, it added
AC: Hyderabad and other towns in the state have also witnessed temperatures above 40 degrees Celsius , it added

BC: Pakistan began a crackdown against terror groups this week amid growing international pressure in the wake of the terror attack in Jammu and Kashmirs Pulwama in which 40 CRPF soldiers were killed.
AC: Pakistan began a crackdown against terror groups this week amid growing international pressure in the wake of the terror attack in Jammu and Kashmirs Pulwama in which 40 CRPF soldiers were killed .

BC: With this, the Aam Aadmi Party has fulfilled all the promises made in its manifesto for 2015 Assembly polls, Kejriwal said in a press conference.
AC: With this , the Aam Aadmi Party has fulfilled all the promises made in its manifesto for 2015 Assembly polls , Kejriwal said in a press conference .

BC: But you will be good.
AC: But you will be good .

BC: There is no clarity yet.
AC: There is no clarity yet .

BC: 70 crores.
AC: 70 crores .

BC: We are not seeking freedom FROM India but IN India.
AC: We are not seeking freedom FROM India but IN India .

BC: Click the Pocket Button to save any article, video or page from Firefox.
AC: Click the Pocket Button to save any article , video or page from Firefox .

BC: Most of us spend a significant amount of time on the Internet.
AC: Most of us spend a significant amount of time on the Internet .

BC: There are some ways to address this.
AC: There are some ways to address this .

BC: That feeling never goes away.
AC: That feeling never goes away .

BC: Getrag is the world's largest supplier of transmission systems for passenger cars and commercial vehicles
AC: Getrag is the world 's largest supplier of transmission systems for passenger cars and commercial vehicles

BC: Respiratory illness.
AC: Respiratory illness .

BC: The film did pretty well in Hindi and Tamil.
AC: The film did pretty well in Hindi and Tamil .

BC: He further claimed that India has declared that Aksai Chin and Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK) belongs to it.
AC: He further claimed that India has declared that Aksai Chin and Pakistan-occupied Kashmir ( PoK ) belongs to it .

BC: Many lose their lives in the process.
AC: Many lose their lives in the process .

BC: He posted her response on his Facebook page.
AC: He posted her response on his Facebook page .

BC: What about the rest of them?
AC: What about the rest of them ?

BC: Be safe over there.
AC: Be safe over there .

BC: It tastes sweet.
AC: It tastes sweet .

BC: He expressed sympathies with the victim families.
AC: He expressed sympathies with the victim families .

BC: 299 prepaid plan.
AC: 299 prepaid plan .

BC: As a teenager, he traveled to the Bombay port of Apollo Bunder.
AC: As a teenager , he traveled to the Bombay port of Apollo Bunder .

BC: Keep your hands clean at all times.
AC: Keep your hands clean at all times .

BC: Everybody is interested in it.
AC: Everybody is interested in it .

BC: Drinking water!
AC: Drinking water !

BC: The film has good cinematography.
AC: The film has good cinematography .

BC: The Aam Aadmi Party has won the Delhi assembly election.
AC: The Aam Aadmi Party has won the Delhi assembly election .

BC: They could be the best friends you have.
AC: They could be the best friends you have .

BC: The condition of two of them is reportedly serious.
AC: The condition of two of them is reportedly serious .

BC: Ganguly, Director-General, Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR).
AC: Ganguly , Director-General , Indian Council of Medical Research ( ICMR ) .

BC: DHFL seeks board's approval to raise funds via share sale
AC: DHFL seeks board 's approval to raise funds via share sale

BC: Traffic has been disrupted in many areas.
AC: Traffic has been disrupted in many areas .

BC: I do not breathe.
AC: I do not breathe .

BC: """What do you think of yourself?"
AC: " " " What do you think of yourself ? "

BC: BJP has failed on every aspect.
AC: BJP has failed on every aspect .

BC: The Prime Minister said Indias aviation sector is being transformed rapidly, and this augurs well for 125 crore Indians.
AC: The Prime Minister said Indias aviation sector is being transformed rapidly , and this augurs well for 125 crore Indians .

BC: Recovery rate in the state is 77 percent.
AC: Recovery rate in the state is 77 percent .

BC: The movie written and directed by Anil Ravipudi was a huge hit at the box office.
AC: The movie written and directed by Anil Ravipudi was a huge hit at the box office .

BC: Luck plays a big role in everyones life.
AC: Luck plays a big role in everyones life .

BC: Additionally, remembering that we are all members of Jehovahs household and that he has obligated himself to watch over us will help us to maintain our balance.
AC: Additionally , remembering that we are all members of Jehovahs household and that he has obligated himself to watch over us will help us to maintain our balance .

BC: He had left the BJP recently.
AC: He had left the BJP recently .

BC: It can affect any organ of the body.
AC: It can affect any organ of the body .

BC: Nothing of that sort has been seen.
AC: Nothing of that sort has been seen .

BC: The teaser of the film was released recently.
AC: The teaser of the film was released recently .

BC: Anand Sen Yadav, the SP candidate form Faizabad is the son of former MP Mitrasen Yadav.
AC: Anand Sen Yadav , the SP candidate form Faizabad is the son of former MP Mitrasen Yadav .

BC: You cant buy a car.
AC: You cant buy a car .

BC: HYDERABAD: Business tycoon Anand Mahindra is well known for his interesting posts on his Twitter.
AC: HYDERABAD : Business tycoon Anand Mahindra is well known for his interesting posts on his Twitter .

BC: Narendra Modi while inaugurating India Post Payment Bank said that everybody will get there Bank at the doorstep.
AC: Narendra Modi while inaugurating India Post Payment Bank said that everybody will get there Bank at the doorstep .

BC: The Ministers and other authorities shall not sanction grants or payment out of their discretionary funds from the time elections are announced by the Commission.
AC: The Ministers and other authorities shall not sanction grants or payment out of their discretionary funds from the time elections are announced by the Commission .

BC: Still, it is doubtful whether this will be the second wave.
AC: Still , it is doubtful whether this will be the second wave .

BC: There is no land.
AC: There is no land .

BC: 'keeping pistol in the left hand,i raised both hands to say namasthe
AC: 'keeping pistol in the left hand , i raised both hands to say namasthe

BC: What can I say to him?
AC: What can I say to him ?

BC: President Ram Nath Kovind addresses the nation on the eve of the Republic Day.
AC: President Ram Nath Kovind addresses the nation on the eve of the Republic Day .

BC: In India, Tamil cinema is the second-biggest film industry after Bollywood.
AC: In India , Tamil cinema is the second-biggest film industry after Bollywood .

BC: Why is he in need?
AC: Why is he in need ?

BC: There are techniques to do that.
AC: There are techniques to do that .

BC: Apart from booking bus tickets, shopping and recharges, Paytm offered customers to pay the power bill payments by just providing the consumer number.
AC: Apart from booking bus tickets , shopping and recharges , Paytm offered customers to pay the power bill payments by just providing the consumer number .

BC: Priyanka looked resplendent in the white wedding gown.
AC: Priyanka looked resplendent in the white wedding gown .

BC: It's a good remedy for heartburn.
AC: It 's a good remedy for heartburn .

BC: Sonam Kapoor is one of the most stylish celebrities of Bollywood.
AC: Sonam Kapoor is one of the most stylish celebrities of Bollywood .

BC: But that has led to new problems.
AC: But that has led to new problems .

BC: All films with him are special.
AC: All films with him are special .

BC: The polling was brisk in the morning and became dull in the afternoon.
AC: The polling was brisk in the morning and became dull in the afternoon .

BC: The film also features two other heroines.
AC: The film also features two other heroines .

BC: The official name of the UK is the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
AC: The official name of the UK is the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland .

BC: This causes danger of floods.
AC: This causes danger of floods .

BC: The living room is large.
AC: The living room is large .

BC: Friends,at the root of India's brave fight against Covid-19 is the hard-work of the medical community and our Corona warriors.
AC: Friends , at the root of India 's brave fight against Covid-19 is the hard-work of the medical community and our Corona warriors .

BC: The officials are also investigating about this.
AC: The officials are also investigating about this .

BC: State Bank of India slashed interest rates to lowest for home and auto loans.
AC: State Bank of India slashed interest rates to lowest for home and auto loans .

BC: This will increase domestic harmony.
AC: This will increase domestic harmony .

BC: They criticised TRS leaders for stealing Congress's limelight.
AC: They criticised TRS leaders for stealing Congress 's limelight .

BC: The award has been conferred for 2012-13.
AC: The award has been conferred for 2012-13 .

BC: We dont need to watch it for long at all.
AC: We dont need to watch it for long at all .

BC: Will wait.
AC: Will wait .

BC: "Default location for the ""Take Screenshot"" dialogs. Default is the Pictures directory."
AC: " Default location for the " " Take Screenshot " " dialogs . Default is the Pictures directory . "

BC: He added India's first automated national-level gas trading platform was launched in June this year which prescribes standard procedures to discover the market price of gas.
AC: He added India 's first automated national-level gas trading platform was launched in June this year which prescribes standard procedures to discover the market price of gas .

BC: I dont have any stress.
AC: I dont have any stress .

BC: Tomato ketchup: 3 tablespoons
AC: Tomato ketchup : 3 tablespoons

BC: It asked the people not to believe the rumours.
AC: It asked the people not to believe the rumours .

BC: A large Indian Diaspora is enriching the life and work environment of Singapore.
AC: A large Indian Diaspora is enriching the life and work environment of Singapore .

BC: The death toll stands at 283.
AC: The death toll stands at 283 .

BC: The film is being helmed by Ayan Mukherji and is produced by Karan Johar.
AC: The film is being helmed by Ayan Mukherji and is produced by Karan Johar .

BC: The payment will be made directly into the bank accounts of the farmers.
AC: The payment will be made directly into the bank accounts of the farmers .

BC: Theres nothing to eat or drink.
AC: Theres nothing to eat or drink .

BC: He has demanded a thorough probe into the incident.
AC: He has demanded a thorough probe into the incident .

BC: But it was not carried forward.
AC: But it was not carried forward .

BC: He emphasized that the issue here is not about being on one side or the other, but about being on the side of generations yet to be born.
AC: He emphasized that the issue here is not about being on one side or the other , but about being on the side of generations yet to be born .

BC: He hoped that the injured would recover soon.
AC: He hoped that the injured would recover soon .

BC: New Delhi, April 6: Whenever India-Pakistan cricket match takes place, it becomes the hot topic of discussion
AC: New Delhi , April 6 : Whenever India-Pakistan cricket match takes place , it becomes the hot topic of discussion

BC: CCI approves the acquisition of less than 5% shareholding in Intas Pharmaceuticals Limited by Canary Investments Limited and Link Investment Trust II
AC: CCI approves the acquisition of less than 5 % shareholding in Intas Pharmaceuticals Limited by Canary Investments Limited and Link Investment Trust II

BC: Wash thoroughly and dice into small pieces.
AC: Wash thoroughly and dice into small pieces .

BC: PM Modi's on way ahead
AC: PM Modi 's on way ahead

BC: Lets see why.
AC: Lets see why .

BC: Cash, gold and silver jewellery items were taken away during the incident.
AC: Cash , gold and silver jewellery items were taken away during the incident .

BC: He didn't say.
AC: He didn 't say .

BC: A large number of PAC as well as district police officials participated in the ceremony.
AC: A large number of PAC as well as district police officials participated in the ceremony .

BC: My daughter is dead.
AC: My daughter is dead .

BC: No one knows whats going to come at them once a film is released.
AC: No one knows whats going to come at them once a film is released .

BC: Not even me.
AC: Not even me .

BC: The BSE-Sensex rose over 200 points.
AC: The BSE-Sensex rose over 200 points .

BC: The priorities have changed.
AC: The priorities have changed .

BC: What is KCR upto?
AC: What is KCR upto ?

BC: Under PM Modi-led NDA rule, multiple large-scale programmes were started.
AC: Under PM Modi-led NDA rule , multiple large-scale programmes were started .

BC: A number of activists were injured in the police action.
AC: A number of activists were injured in the police action .

BC: Effect to add to the border (shadow, border or none)
AC: Effect to add to the border ( shadow , border or none )

BC: PCB Chairman Shehryar Khan said that Bangladesh had failed to reciprocate visits of Pakistan cricket team.
AC: PCB Chairman Shehryar Khan said that Bangladesh had failed to reciprocate visits of Pakistan cricket team .

BC: His performance in the film is also being appreciated by the critics.
AC: His performance in the film is also being appreciated by the critics .

BC: To what did Paul liken such godly qualities as long - suffering, and what counsel did he give to Colossian Christians?
AC: To what did Paul liken such godly qualities as long - suffering , and what counsel did he give to Colossian Christians ?

BC: This has caused traffic chaos in the town.
AC: This has caused traffic chaos in the town .

BC: Do not get stressed.
AC: Do not get stressed .

BC: And he never did! John started to study with the Witnesses, took his stand for true worship, and began serving Jehovah.
AC: And he never did ! John started to study with the Witnesses , took his stand for true worship , and began serving Jehovah .

BC: You yourself decide.
AC: You yourself decide .

BC: Photos: Suresh
AC: Photos : Suresh

BC: An official announcement in this regard will be made soon.
AC: An official announcement in this regard will be made soon .

BC: I have 40 years experience in the industry.
AC: I have 40 years experience in the industry .

BC: Apart from Rajini, the movie also stars Nayanthara in the lead role.
AC: Apart from Rajini , the movie also stars Nayanthara in the lead role .

BC: The church has four bells, which were brought from Italy in 1901.
AC: The church has four bells , which were brought from Italy in 1901 .

BC: Gujarat is priceless.
AC: Gujarat is priceless .

BC: Its a real pity for the parents.
AC: Its a real pity for the parents .

BC: What is folly?
AC: What is folly ?

BC: He has still not been arrested.
AC: He has still not been arrested .

BC: The High Court had fixed the hearing of the death penalty reference on a day-to-day basis against convicts Mukesh (26), Akshay Thakur (28), Pawan Gupta (19) and Vinay Sharma (20) from Wednesday
AC: The High Court had fixed the hearing of the death penalty reference on a day-to-day basis against convicts Mukesh ( 26 ) , Akshay Thakur ( 28 ) , Pawan Gupta ( 19 ) and Vinay Sharma ( 20 ) from Wednesday

BC: The incident took place in West Godavari district.
AC: The incident took place in West Godavari district .

BC: He is human, after all.
AC: He is human , after all .

BC: Rs 10 crore has also been reserved for the same.
AC: Rs 10 crore has also been reserved for the same .

BC: They were carrying black flags.
AC: They were carrying black flags .

BC: During all the years that my wife was an invalid, she was always with me at the meetings.
AC: During all the years that my wife was an invalid , she was always with me at the meetings .

BC: According to the agreement between the two sides, the BJP will get post of the Chief Minister while the JJP will get the deputy-CM post.
AC: According to the agreement between the two sides , the BJP will get post of the Chief Minister while the JJP will get the deputy-CM post .

BC: Daytime is difficult too.
AC: Daytime is difficult too .

BC: Several organisations and political parties also supported them.
AC: Several organisations and political parties also supported them .

BC: He was born in Rajahmundry, East Godavari District.
AC: He was born in Rajahmundry , East Godavari District .

BC: Things you need:
AC: Things you need :

BC: Lets just go there.
AC: Lets just go there .

BC: When smog warnings are issued, try and spend more time indoors, preferably with the air conditioning on, suggests Dr. Murray Mittleman of Harvard Universitys medical school.
AC: When smog warnings are issued , try and spend more time indoors , preferably with the air conditioning on , suggests Dr. Murray Mittleman of Harvard Universitys medical school .

BC: The shooting is 40 per cent complete.
AC: The shooting is 40 per cent complete .

BC: Dont vote for it.
AC: Dont vote for it .

BC: India had struck.
AC: India had struck .

BC: It is not a genuine laughter.
AC: It is not a genuine laughter .

BC: The country is going through a severe crisis.
AC: The country is going through a severe crisis .

BC: It costs almost 100 crores per annum.
AC: It costs almost 100 crores per annum .

BC: India have never won a series in Australia.
AC: India have never won a series in Australia .

BC: The new titles will appear in the title for both apps in Apples App Store and Google Play Store.
AC: The new titles will appear in the title for both apps in Apples App Store and Google Play Store .

BC: When compared to the national average, the state's death rate is less.
AC: When compared to the national average , the state 's death rate is less .

BC: Finally, the pieces of cut paratha are added.
AC: Finally , the pieces of cut paratha are added .

BC: Two vehicles were gutted.
AC: Two vehicles were gutted .

BC: The accused, after the incident, immediately fled from the spot.
AC: The accused , after the incident , immediately fled from the spot .

BC: to make people conscious, develop study and reform, to eradicate differences in religion and fight against injustice are some in this part of satyagraha
AC: to make people conscious , develop study and reform , to eradicate differences in religion and fight against injustice are some in this part of satyagraha

BC: Whoever guards his mouth and his tongue keeps his soul from troubles.
AC: Whoever guards his mouth and his tongue keeps his soul from troubles .

BC: At the convention, I saw 18 - year - old Erika Finke.
AC: At the convention , I saw 18 - year - old Erika Finke .

BC: Then how does he get fooled?
AC: Then how does he get fooled ?

BC: Presently, banks offer you an interest rate of 6.5 per cent only.
AC: Presently , banks offer you an interest rate of 6.5 per cent only .

BC: I wanted to do something for them.
AC: I wanted to do something for them .

BC: There are two questions here.
AC: There are two questions here .

BC: He has been strongly critical of Pakistan.
AC: He has been strongly critical of Pakistan .

BC: But it is the same.
AC: But it is the same .

BC: All the preparations have been done.
AC: All the preparations have been done .

BC: "So, we thought we should come here and do something,"" said Ashwini Agarwal, the founder of Basicshit, an NGO working for sanitation issues."
AC: " So , we thought we should come here and do something , " " said Ashwini Agarwal , the founder of Basicshit , an NGO working for sanitation issues . "

BC: Sounds good, but
AC: Sounds good , but

BC: The Office of the Principal Scientific Advisor to the Government of India issued the manual on homemade masks: Masks for Curbing the Spread of SARS-CoV-2 Coronavirus for home fabrication.
AC: The Office of the Principal Scientific Advisor to the Government of India issued the manual on homemade masks : Masks for Curbing the Spread of SARS-CoV-2 Coronavirus for home fabrication .

BC: He has been admitted to a private hospital in Chennai.
AC: He has been admitted to a private hospital in Chennai .

BC: Peter wrote: Above all things, have intense love for one another, because love covers a multitude of sins. 1 Peter 4: 8.
AC: Peter wrote : Above all things , have intense love for one another , because love covers a multitude of sins . 1 Peter 4 : 8 .

BC: Pooja Hegde, the female lead in the movie performed well.
AC: Pooja Hegde , the female lead in the movie performed well .

BC: This is a British legacy.
AC: This is a British legacy .

BC: Hoping that their wish comes true.
AC: Hoping that their wish comes true .

BC: It is also good for health as well as for health.
AC: It is also good for health as well as for health .

BC: Of the four Rajya Sabha seats in Karnataka, BJP is eyeing victory on two seats, while Congress and JDS is likely to battle it out for the remaining two.
AC: Of the four Rajya Sabha seats in Karnataka , BJP is eyeing victory on two seats , while Congress and JDS is likely to battle it out for the remaining two .

BC: The smile widens.
AC: The smile widens .

BC: Ram Charan has finally released the much-awaited character introduction video of Bheem's first look in RRR.
AC: Ram Charan has finally released the much-awaited character introduction video of Bheem 's first look in RRR .

BC: Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan, Parliamentary Affairs minister Ananth Kumar and Urban Development minister Narendra Singh Tomar were also present at the ceremony.
AC: Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan , Parliamentary Affairs minister Ananth Kumar and Urban Development minister Narendra Singh Tomar were also present at the ceremony .

BC: It is raining.
AC: It is raining .

BC: DIRECTOR: Joe Wright
AC: DIRECTOR : Joe Wright

BC: Starring Rupesh Kumar Choudhary and Saloni Mishra in lead roles, the film, which is currently in post-production, is produced by Maa Aai Productions.
AC: Starring Rupesh Kumar Choudhary and Saloni Mishra in lead roles , the film , which is currently in post-production , is produced by Maa Aai Productions .

BC: The second reason is their hormones.
AC: The second reason is their hormones .

BC: Remnants of traditions...
AC: Remnants of traditions ...

BC: It is being discussed.
AC: It is being discussed .

BC: But the film failed at the box-office.
AC: But the film failed at the box-office .

BC: However, the number of active patients in the state is 748.
AC: However , the number of active patients in the state is 748 .

BC: This video is going viral on social media.
AC: This video is going viral on social media .

BC: Other pools have been found in the quarter of Jerusalem that was occupied by wealthy and priestly families. nearly every house had its own private ritual bath.
AC: Other pools have been found in the quarter of Jerusalem that was occupied by wealthy and priestly families. nearly every house had its own private ritual bath .

BC: Some are in jail.
AC: Some are in jail .

BC: That's late.
AC: That 's late .

BC: On the other hand, according to the crash test results, the Hyundai Grand i10 NIOS scored 7.05 out of 17 points for adult protection
AC: On the other hand , according to the crash test results , the Hyundai Grand i10 NIOS scored 7.05 out of 17 points for adult protection

BC: The release date will be announced soon.
AC: The release date will be announced soon .

BC: Pooja Jhaveri is playing the lady love of Allari Naresh in this movie.
AC: Pooja Jhaveri is playing the lady love of Allari Naresh in this movie .

BC: """TRS party have no future in Telangana."
AC: " " " TRS party have no future in Telangana . "

BC: Results are posted on it months later.
AC: Results are posted on it months later .

BC: The Creator is a spirit. he does not have a physical body as we do, so we are in his image in that we can reflect his personality, displaying a measure of his fine qualities.
AC: The Creator is a spirit. he does not have a physical body as we do , so we are in his image in that we can reflect his personality , displaying a measure of his fine qualities .

BC: Students are upset.
AC: Students are upset .

BC: State Congress chief Botsa Satyanarayana took a swipe against Leader of the Opposition Chandrababu Naidu.
AC: State Congress chief Botsa Satyanarayana took a swipe against Leader of the Opposition Chandrababu Naidu .

BC: The script was also extremely good.
AC: The script was also extremely good .

BC: During the past service year, the complete New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures was released in the countrys three main languages Cebuano, Iloko, and Tagalog.
AC: During the past service year , the complete New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures was released in the countrys three main languages Cebuano , Iloko , and Tagalog .

BC: How do you detect it?
AC: How do you detect it ?

BC: ICC ODI Rankings: Kohli Ranks No.
AC: ICC ODI Rankings : Kohli Ranks No .

BC: Its not going to be easy for anyone.
AC: Its not going to be easy for anyone .

BC: Are you planning any new scheme?
AC: Are you planning any new scheme ?

BC: There is no other reason.
AC: There is no other reason .

BC: The phone will be running on Android 10.
AC: The phone will be running on Android 10 .

BC: Of the total 14 times the constituency has gone to the polls, the Congress has won eight times, INLD three times and Janata Party, Janata Dal and Lok Dal, once each.
AC: Of the total 14 times the constituency has gone to the polls , the Congress has won eight times , INLD three times and Janata Party , Janata Dal and Lok Dal , once each .

BC: Yeddyurappa, Karnatakas chief minister.
AC: Yeddyurappa , Karnatakas chief minister .

BC: Hold phone.
AC: Hold phone .

BC: Ram Charan also posted a video of Pawan Kalyan addressing his fans.
AC: Ram Charan also posted a video of Pawan Kalyan addressing his fans .

BC: Police have taken the parents into custody.
AC: Police have taken the parents into custody .

BC: he tweeted.
AC: he tweeted .

BC: It is not law just yet.
AC: It is not law just yet .

BC: In Gujarat and Himanchal Pradesh the Bharatiya Janta Party will get a landslide victory, he said.
AC: In Gujarat and Himanchal Pradesh the Bharatiya Janta Party will get a landslide victory , he said .

BC: Kashmir is an issue between India and Pakistan and has to be resolved by the two countries.
AC: Kashmir is an issue between India and Pakistan and has to be resolved by the two countries .

BC: He responds to their questions.
AC: He responds to their questions .

BC: She was only 36.
AC: She was only 36 .

BC: But these things happen in every artistes life.
AC: But these things happen in every artistes life .

BC: Windies could only manage173/8 in their 20 overs.
AC: Windies could only manage173 / 8 in their 20 overs .

BC: Fire is burning.
AC: Fire is burning .

BC: He said Congress president Rahul Gandhi had assured the farmers that their loans will be waived when the Congress returns to power.
AC: He said Congress president Rahul Gandhi had assured the farmers that their loans will be waived when the Congress returns to power .

BC: She also appreciated the record amount of refund disbursed to ease cash flow of taxpayers during this period.
AC: She also appreciated the record amount of refund disbursed to ease cash flow of taxpayers during this period .

BC: He has a wife and two children.
AC: He has a wife and two children .

BC: The scientists clapped.
AC: The scientists clapped .

BC: - Open an existing message window or tap on create new message option on the top right corner of the app.
AC: - Open an existing message window or tap on create new message option on the top right corner of the app .

BC: The BJP is in power at the centre with complete majority.
AC: The BJP is in power at the centre with complete majority .

BC: Police and ambulance arrived on the spot.
AC: Police and ambulance arrived on the spot .

BC: Water is recommended at 80-90 degrees Celsius.
AC: Water is recommended at 80-90 degrees Celsius .

BC: Not too much.
AC: Not too much .

BC: As he does.
AC: As he does .

BC: Ive been very close to him.
AC: Ive been very close to him .

BC: Rs 20 lakh.
AC: Rs 20 lakh .

BC: He said investigations were underway.
AC: He said investigations were underway .

BC: With what face?
AC: With what face ?

BC: He gave in marriage his daughter, Chandrabbalabbe, to the Western Ganga King Butuga I, and another daughter, Revakanimmadi, to prince Ereganga.
AC: He gave in marriage his daughter , Chandrabbalabbe , to the Western Ganga King Butuga I , and another daughter , Revakanimmadi , to prince Ereganga .

BC: Thats what Ive been doing.
AC: Thats what Ive been doing .

BC: There are 52,810 active cases in the State now.
AC: There are 52,810 active cases in the State now .

BC: Directed by Sujeeth, the movie is produced by UV Creations.
AC: Directed by Sujeeth , the movie is produced by UV Creations .

BC: Around 3,691 new Covid-19 cases were reported in the State, taking Karnatakas Covid tally beyond eight lakh cases
AC: Around 3,691 new Covid-19 cases were reported in the State , taking Karnatakas Covid tally beyond eight lakh cases

BC: Meanwhile, in Murshidabad, protesters set the Beldanga railway station complex on fire.
AC: Meanwhile , in Murshidabad , protesters set the Beldanga railway station complex on fire .

BC: Anushka Sharma is super.
AC: Anushka Sharma is super .

BC: He or she must have a postgraduate qualification or a recognized qualification equivalent thereto in the respective discipline/subject.
AC: He or she must have a postgraduate qualification or a recognized qualification equivalent thereto in the respective discipline / subject .

BC: But, it bombed at the box-office.
AC: But , it bombed at the box-office .

BC: The accident happened due to the carelessness of driver.
AC: The accident happened due to the carelessness of driver .

BC: That's better.
AC: That 's better .

BC: There are many other benefits.
AC: There are many other benefits .

BC: This move was lauded by the US officials.
AC: This move was lauded by the US officials .

BC: Some older items were better handcrafted and appreciate in value.
AC: Some older items were better handcrafted and appreciate in value .

BC: Thats uncomfortable for a lot of people.
AC: Thats uncomfortable for a lot of people .

BC: The brakes aren't the best but are more than adequate for the TVS XL100
AC: The brakes aren 't the best but are more than adequate for the TVS XL100

BC: Oh, Mother...Im sorry.
AC: Oh , Mother ... Im sorry .

BC: The BJP...
AC: The BJP ...

BC: He appealed to the workers to act as a bridge between the government and the people.
AC: He appealed to the workers to act as a bridge between the government and the people .

BC: How these problems would be solved?
AC: How these problems would be solved ?

BC: All the matches will be live on Star Sports Network.
AC: All the matches will be live on Star Sports Network .

BC: The Al Khalifa were effectively returned to power thereafter.
AC: The Al Khalifa were effectively returned to power thereafter .

BC: Take advantage of free software.
AC: Take advantage of free software .

BC: But what is?
AC: But what is ?

BC: Your Aadhaar number is sufficient.
AC: Your Aadhaar number is sufficient .

BC: TDP MLA Vallabhaneni Vamsi.
AC: TDP MLA Vallabhaneni Vamsi .

BC: Its here.
AC: Its here .

BC: But the mindset had changed.
AC: But the mindset had changed .

BC: Several areas in the town are inundated.
AC: Several areas in the town are inundated .

BC: However, no action has been taken against these officials.
AC: However , no action has been taken against these officials .

BC: Consider the facts.
AC: Consider the facts .

BC: The elders are sulking.
AC: The elders are sulking .

BC: Total cases 1242 cases related to 'single source' Delhi event 1113 deaths 12 discharged 118.
AC: Total cases 1242 cases related to ' single source ' Delhi event 1113 deaths 12 discharged 118 .

BC: In photography and image processing, color balance is the global adjustment of the intensities of the colors (typically red, green, and blue primary colors).
AC: In photography and image processing , color balance is the global adjustment of the intensities of the colors ( typically red , green , and blue primary colors ) .

BC: He had no side effects post-taking the vaccine.
AC: He had no side effects post-taking the vaccine .

BC: The video was posted by him on his YouTube page.
AC: The video was posted by him on his YouTube page .

BC: prices dropped sharply.
AC: prices dropped sharply .

BC: Very sad incident happened in Rajasthan.
AC: Very sad incident happened in Rajasthan .

BC: He begged pardon for his sin.
AC: He begged pardon for his sin .

BC: Who loses by this?
AC: Who loses by this ?

BC: They have spent their money on them.
AC: They have spent their money on them .

BC: The NCRB figures, however, had showed that there were 1,227 communal incidents in the year 2014.
AC: The NCRB figures , however , had showed that there were 1,227 communal incidents in the year 2014 .

BC: Their prospects were further dented by the suspension of pacer Taskin Ahmed and left-arm spinner Arafat Sunny, both of whom were found guilty of bowling with illegal actions.
AC: Their prospects were further dented by the suspension of pacer Taskin Ahmed and left-arm spinner Arafat Sunny , both of whom were found guilty of bowling with illegal actions .

BC: The ACB Director Ravi Kumar who held a media briefing following the arrest of Atchannaidu revealed the details.
AC: The ACB Director Ravi Kumar who held a media briefing following the arrest of Atchannaidu revealed the details .

BC: But he sustained minor injuries.
AC: But he sustained minor injuries .

BC: Is this inclusion?
AC: Is this inclusion ?

BC: _Open Link
AC: _ Open Link

BC: Alok Verma has petitioned the Supreme Court against the governments decision to strip him of his powers and send him on compulsory leave.
AC: Alok Verma has petitioned the Supreme Court against the governments decision to strip him of his powers and send him on compulsory leave .

BC: Hemawati, 23, daughter of Bhaskar Naidu, was in love with Kesavulu, 25.
AC: Hemawati , 23 , daughter of Bhaskar Naidu , was in love with Kesavulu , 25 .

BC: Voters dont care about anniversary tallies.
AC: Voters dont care about anniversary tallies .

BC: Today (Saturday) is the first phase of the Manipur assembly polls.
AC: Today ( Saturday ) is the first phase of the Manipur assembly polls .

BC: The applications will be received online only.
AC: The applications will be received online only .

BC: 500, and Rs.
AC: 500 , and Rs.

BC: I dont think about them.
AC: I dont think about them .

BC: I appeal to my sisters and brothers of Delhi to maintain peace and brotherhood at all times.
AC: I appeal to my sisters and brothers of Delhi to maintain peace and brotherhood at all times .

BC: The phone also comes with a fast charging support.
AC: The phone also comes with a fast charging support .

BC: AIDS is a worldwide plague.
AC: AIDS is a worldwide plague .

BC: """We speak every day."
AC: " " " We speak every day . "

BC: The party, however, did not comment any more on the issue.
AC: The party , however , did not comment any more on the issue .

BC: Here are some ways:
AC: Here are some ways :

BC: Only 20 were granted.
AC: Only 20 were granted .

BC: Bollywood thespian Amitabh Bachchan, cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar and several celebs from the Marathi film industry were present at the event.
AC: Bollywood thespian Amitabh Bachchan , cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar and several celebs from the Marathi film industry were present at the event .

BC: This leads to various diseases.
AC: This leads to various diseases .

BC: Vitamin D is present in foods like milk, eggs, salmon, tuna, and mushroom.
AC: Vitamin D is present in foods like milk , eggs , salmon , tuna , and mushroom .

BC: Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi was also present.
AC: Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi was also present .

BC: It was prepared by Union Minister Sitharaman's team led by Finance Secretary and Economic Affairs Secretary Subhash Chandra Garg.
AC: It was prepared by Union Minister Sitharaman 's team led by Finance Secretary and Economic Affairs Secretary Subhash Chandra Garg .

BC: Homes demolished.
AC: Homes demolished .

BC: You are corrupt.
AC: You are corrupt .

BC: The film starred Sanjeev Kumar, Dharmendra, Amitabh Bachchan, Amjad Khan, Hema Malini and Jaya Bachchan in lead roles.
AC: The film starred Sanjeev Kumar , Dharmendra , Amitabh Bachchan , Amjad Khan , Hema Malini and Jaya Bachchan in lead roles .

BC: We are 150 million monthly active users and till next year, we should be 300-350 monthly active users
AC: We are 150 million monthly active users and till next year , we should be 300-350 monthly active users

BC: Will you come?
AC: Will you come ?

BC: He asked the Council to constitute a commission of inquiry into the situation in Kashmir, as recommended by the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights.
AC: He asked the Council to constitute a commission of inquiry into the situation in Kashmir , as recommended by the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights .

BC: The postal ballots are being counted first.
AC: The postal ballots are being counted first .

BC: EICMA 2017: KTM 790 Adventure Prototype Revealed
AC: EICMA 2017 : KTM 790 Adventure Prototype Revealed

BC: In Murshidabad the shola crafts are flowery designs, decorative head-wears of gods and goddesses, garlands, intricate figurines like faces of gods and goddesses, elephant-howdahs, peacock-boats, palanquins and so on are made of sholapith.
AC: In Murshidabad the shola crafts are flowery designs , decorative head-wears of gods and goddesses , garlands , intricate figurines like faces of gods and goddesses , elephant-howdahs , peacock-boats , palanquins and so on are made of sholapith .

BC: Netizens have been criticized the BJP on social media.
AC: Netizens have been criticized the BJP on social media .

BC: Doctors found he had suffered a heart attack.
AC: Doctors found he had suffered a heart attack .

BC: Rajanna-Sircilla: Maha Shivaratri jatara of Rajarajeshwara Swamy, Vemulawada is all set to be held with grandeur.
AC: Rajanna-Sircilla : Maha Shivaratri jatara of Rajarajeshwara Swamy , Vemulawada is all set to be held with grandeur .

BC: That's what the BJP isn't liking.
AC: That 's what the BJP isn 't liking .

BC: Manoj Gilda, Nikhilji have started agri-storage start-up.
AC: Manoj Gilda , Nikhilji have started agri-storage start-up .

BC: The Chief Minister said the state government had accorded top priority to agriculture in the state.
AC: The Chief Minister said the state government had accorded top priority to agriculture in the state .

BC: Let us look into this question further.
AC: Let us look into this question further .

BC: "In a tweet, the Prime Minister's office said ""Tomorrow, PM narendramodi will travel to West Bengal and Odisha to take stock of the situation in the wake of Cyclone Amphan."
AC: " In a tweet , the Prime Minister 's office said " " Tomorrow , PM narendramodi will travel to West Bengal and Odisha to take stock of the situation in the wake of Cyclone Amphan . "

BC: Officials said the number of dead is likely to go up.
AC: Officials said the number of dead is likely to go up .

BC: 59 onwards.
AC: 59 onwards .

BC: Industrial production...
AC: Industrial production ...

BC: I tried out this feature and it worked pretty well.
AC: I tried out this feature and it worked pretty well .

BC: You have many fans.
AC: You have many fans .

BC: However, this was foiled by the Indian Air Force.
AC: However , this was foiled by the Indian Air Force .

BC: GoM was informed that alldistricts in the country have been divided into three categories i.e. Red one (130 Districts), Orange one(284 Districts) and Green one(319) Districts.
AC: GoM was informed that alldistricts in the country have been divided into three categories i.e. Red one ( 130 Districts ) , Orange one ( 284 Districts ) and Green one ( 319 ) Districts .

BC: United States President Donald Trump has decided not to renew waivers that allowed eight countries , including India, to buy oil from Iran without facing sanctions.
AC: United States President Donald Trump has decided not to renew waivers that allowed eight countries , including India , to buy oil from Iran without facing sanctions .

BC: They are not traders.
AC: They are not traders .

BC: War and peace?
AC: War and peace ?

BC: One of them is paddy.
AC: One of them is paddy .

BC: So be sure to check before you make the purchase.
AC: So be sure to check before you make the purchase .

BC: Currently, the film shooting is taking place in Godavarikhani in Telangana.
AC: Currently , the film shooting is taking place in Godavarikhani in Telangana .

BC: The girl died while undergoing treatment.
AC: The girl died while undergoing treatment .

BC: This is happening for the first time in IPL history.
AC: This is happening for the first time in IPL history .

BC: He is good striker of the ball.
AC: He is good striker of the ball .

BC: There are several vegetarian and vegan options as well.
AC: There are several vegetarian and vegan options as well .

BC: Every colour has a variation.
AC: Every colour has a variation .

BC: They didn't give any seat.
AC: They didn 't give any seat .

BC: No other questions.
AC: No other questions .

BC: Are they realistic or, are they conservative?
AC: Are they realistic or , are they conservative ?

BC: Flights and trains were suspended.
AC: Flights and trains were suspended .

BC: The Prime Minister's Office (PMO) posted video clips of Modi's address on Twitter.
AC: The Prime Minister 's Office ( PMO ) posted video clips of Modi 's address on Twitter .

BC: It supports phones with Android 5.0 or iOS 10.0 and above.
AC: It supports phones with Android 5.0 or iOS 10.0 and above .

BC: They spread diseases like dengue and malaria.
AC: They spread diseases like dengue and malaria .

BC: But, thats not it?
AC: But , thats not it ?

BC: The Opposition parties like the Congress, BJP could not win even single seat.
AC: The Opposition parties like the Congress , BJP could not win even single seat .

BC: Doing so, they can take to heart Jehovahs reassuring words: A thousand will fall at your very side and ten thousand at your right hand. to you it will not come near.
AC: Doing so , they can take to heart Jehovahs reassuring words : A thousand will fall at your very side and ten thousand at your right hand. to you it will not come near .

BC: The students were safely rescued.
AC: The students were safely rescued .

BC: """Consuming cow urine and cow dung will stop the effect of infectious coronavirus."
AC: " " " Consuming cow urine and cow dung will stop the effect of infectious coronavirus . "

BC: With different formats.
AC: With different formats .

BC: This incident happened at Tumkur in Karnataka.
AC: This incident happened at Tumkur in Karnataka .

BC: The opposition PDP too seems to be holding the same view.
AC: The opposition PDP too seems to be holding the same view .

BC: Telugu Actor Srikanth's Father Meka Parameswara Rao Passes Away
AC: Telugu Actor Srikanth 's Father Meka Parameswara Rao Passes Away

BC: Whats so special about it?
AC: Whats so special about it ?

BC: India Today's Magazine held a Mood Of The Nation Poll.
AC: India Today 's Magazine held a Mood Of The Nation Poll .

BC: They later got separated.
AC: They later got separated .

BC: The attack was claimed by the Taliban.
AC: The attack was claimed by the Taliban .

BC: Mohan Babu Manchu is playing a key role in the movie.
AC: Mohan Babu Manchu is playing a key role in the movie .

BC: Other leaders?
AC: Other leaders ?

BC: The government should also look into the problems of agricultural workers, he said.
AC: The government should also look into the problems of agricultural workers , he said .

BC: A case has been registered on the basis of the complaint and investigation is underway.
AC: A case has been registered on the basis of the complaint and investigation is underway .

BC: Surat and Navi Mumbai grabbed the second and third positions respectively.
AC: Surat and Navi Mumbai grabbed the second and third positions respectively .

BC: Perhaps, it is a combination of the three.
AC: Perhaps , it is a combination of the three .

BC: Creative director of Tollywood, Rajamouli is coming up with a magnum opus movie, RRR after Baahubali.
AC: Creative director of Tollywood , Rajamouli is coming up with a magnum opus movie , RRR after Baahubali .

BC: Mamata Banerjee blames BJP for the violence, I want to tell that she is fighting on only 42 seats while BJP is contesting in various states across the nation.
AC: Mamata Banerjee blames BJP for the violence , I want to tell that she is fighting on only 42 seats while BJP is contesting in various states across the nation .

BC: You know this.
AC: You know this .

BC: 27 crores.
AC: 27 crores .

BC: The movie also features Allu Arjun, Rana Daggubati, Krishnam Raju, Prakash Raj, Suman, Nithya Menen, Adithya, and Catherine Tresa.
AC: The movie also features Allu Arjun , Rana Daggubati , Krishnam Raju , Prakash Raj , Suman , Nithya Menen , Adithya , and Catherine Tresa .

BC: There seemed none.
AC: There seemed none .

BC: He committed suicide.
AC: He committed suicide .

BC: The injured were rushed to a nearby hospital and are being treated.
AC: The injured were rushed to a nearby hospital and are being treated .

BC: The quake was measured 4.6 on the Richter scale.
AC: The quake was measured 4.6 on the Richter scale .

BC: What is the roadmap?
AC: What is the roadmap ?

BC: Start from home.
AC: Start from home .

BC: What kind of research is this?
AC: What kind of research is this ?

BC: "Why am I doing this movie?"""
AC: " Why am I doing this movie ? " " "

BC: Village+P.O.- Chandrayan
AC: Village + P.O.- Chandrayan

BC: We are educating people for the wrong futures, laments the Futurist report. In contrast, note what the Bible says about God: I, Jehovah, am your God, the One teaching you to benefit yourself, the One causing you to tread in the way in which you should walk.
AC: We are educating people for the wrong futures , laments the Futurist report . In contrast , note what the Bible says about God : I , Jehovah , am your God , the One teaching you to benefit yourself , the One causing you to tread in the way in which you should walk .

BC: A total of 1,122 candidates are in the fray.
AC: A total of 1,122 candidates are in the fray .

BC: His wife was also bed-ridden.
AC: His wife was also bed-ridden .

BC: Many families have returned home.
AC: Many families have returned home .

BC: It still hasnt been paid.
AC: It still hasnt been paid .

BC: Amazingly, to have their young. When the female emperor lays her egg, the male quickly scoops it up off the ice and onto his feet.
AC: Amazingly , to have their young . When the female emperor lays her egg , the male quickly scoops it up off the ice and onto his feet .

BC: It is the demand of all Hindus to construct the Ram Mandir at Ayodhya, he stated.
AC: It is the demand of all Hindus to construct the Ram Mandir at Ayodhya , he stated .

BC: However, no strict action has been taken so far.
AC: However , no strict action has been taken so far .

BC: Which material should we use?
AC: Which material should we use ?

BC: Jehovah and his organization are our hosts. When new ones attend, we become cohosts, as it were.
AC: Jehovah and his organization are our hosts . When new ones attend , we become cohosts , as it were .

BC: Additional costs:
AC: Additional costs :

BC: Heavy rainfall has wreaked havoc in several areas across the state in past few days.
AC: Heavy rainfall has wreaked havoc in several areas across the state in past few days .

BC: Whereas descriptive statistics describe a sample, inferential statistics infer predictions about a larger population that the sample represents.
AC: Whereas descriptive statistics describe a sample , inferential statistics infer predictions about a larger population that the sample represents .

BC: Where is this?
AC: Where is this ?

BC: We said let him go.
AC: We said let him go .

BC: But the leadership havent responded on the issue.
AC: But the leadership havent responded on the issue .

BC: Also, gold prices fell by Rs.
AC: Also , gold prices fell by Rs.

BC: What about maternity?
AC: What about maternity ?

BC: Competition is very tough.
AC: Competition is very tough .

BC: Kapil, however, slammed Akhtars idea, saying India doesnt need the money and that it is not worth risking lives for a cricket match.
AC: Kapil , however , slammed Akhtars idea , saying India doesnt need the money and that it is not worth risking lives for a cricket match .

BC: What the hell's going on?
AC: What the hell 's going on ?

BC: What are the hurdles they cross in this whole journey?
AC: What are the hurdles they cross in this whole journey ?

BC: Jana Sena chief Pawan Kalyan.
AC: Jana Sena chief Pawan Kalyan .

BC: As many as 40 lakh saplings will be planted in each assembly constituency.
AC: As many as 40 lakh saplings will be planted in each assembly constituency .

BC: 28 crore.
AC: 28 crore .

BC: But the government did not take any action.
AC: But the government did not take any action .

BC: There are two main tasks before us.
AC: There are two main tasks before us .

BC: It could also be the most durable.
AC: It could also be the most durable .

BC: Dont talk down to them.
AC: Dont talk down to them .

BC: He was rescued by the locals.
AC: He was rescued by the locals .

BC: 11 crores.
AC: 11 crores .

BC: The film will be directed by Sriram Aditya.
AC: The film will be directed by Sriram Aditya .

BC: Music playback services on offer include Amazon Music and Saavn out of the box.
AC: Music playback services on offer include Amazon Music and Saavn out of the box .

BC: Here's what the story is all about...
AC: Here 's what the story is all about ...

BC: Team India will play three Tests, six ODIs and three T20Is.
AC: Team India will play three Tests , six ODIs and three T20Is .

BC: You can right-click by holding down the left mouse button. This is useful if you find it difficult to move your fingers individually on one hand, or if your pointing device only has a single button.
AC: You can right-click by holding down the left mouse button . This is useful if you find it difficult to move your fingers individually on one hand , or if your pointing device only has a single button .

BC: How do you think they've done?
AC: How do you think they 've done ?

BC: There were times when I got so angry that it was almost comical.
AC: There were times when I got so angry that it was almost comical .

BC: While Zawahiri does not mention Zakir Musa, the terrorist killed in May by security forces in Kashmir, his photo flashes on the screen as he speaks on Kashmir
AC: While Zawahiri does not mention Zakir Musa , the terrorist killed in May by security forces in Kashmir , his photo flashes on the screen as he speaks on Kashmir

BC: Your congregation also no doubt has a standing resolution to assist financially with the worldwide program of building Assembly Halls and Kingdom Halls, which benefits our brothers throughout the earth.
AC: Your congregation also no doubt has a standing resolution to assist financially with the worldwide program of building Assembly Halls and Kingdom Halls , which benefits our brothers throughout the earth .

BC: Posani Krishna Murali also acted well.
AC: Posani Krishna Murali also acted well .

BC: 102 prepaid plan, Reliance Jio also has its Rs.
AC: 102 prepaid plan , Reliance Jio also has its Rs.

BC: He probably didnt know his name.
AC: He probably didnt know his name .

BC: Hence they are imperfect.
AC: Hence they are imperfect .

BC: Some others dont.
AC: Some others dont .

BC: Card-issuing bank: The financial institution or other organization that issued the credit card to the cardholder.
AC: Card-issuing bank : The financial institution or other organization that issued the credit card to the cardholder .

BC: They looked at each other.
AC: They looked at each other .

BC: Think twice before investing in any business.
AC: Think twice before investing in any business .

BC: Heat oil in a kadai, crackle mustard and fenugreek seeds.
AC: Heat oil in a kadai , crackle mustard and fenugreek seeds .

BC: While traditionally the entry of women of menstruating age was barred into the Sabarimala temple, the Supreme Court has, in a recent judgment, paved the way for the entry of women of all age groups into the hill shrine at Kerala.
AC: While traditionally the entry of women of menstruating age was barred into the Sabarimala temple , the Supreme Court has , in a recent judgment , paved the way for the entry of women of all age groups into the hill shrine at Kerala .

BC: 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced
AC: 2 cloves garlic , thinly sliced

BC: (Photo: Praful Gangurde)
AC: ( Photo : Praful Gangurde )

BC: They were not focused on.
AC: They were not focused on .

BC: The setting is a stable, and some animals may round out the scene.
AC: The setting is a stable , and some animals may round out the scene .

BC: Not favourably.
AC: Not favourably .

BC: Both of them drank tea.
AC: Both of them drank tea .

BC: The car driver was severely injured in the accident.
AC: The car driver was severely injured in the accident .

BC: Step 1: Create a document
AC: Step 1 : Create a document

BC: This, in turn, helps you burn more calories and lose weight fast.
AC: This , in turn , helps you burn more calories and lose weight fast .

BC: That's what happened to us.
AC: That 's what happened to us .

BC: How was it possible for such a nice person to fall victim to the sect of the antichrist?
AC: How was it possible for such a nice person to fall victim to the sect of the antichrist ?

BC: Former Jharkhand CM Madhu Koda, ex-coal secretary HC Gupta convicted in coal scam case
AC: Former Jharkhand CM Madhu Koda , ex-coal secretary HC Gupta convicted in coal scam case

BC: According to the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), 16,00,90,514 samples have been tested up to December 18, of which 11,71,868 were conducted on Friday
AC: According to the Indian Council of Medical Research ( ICMR ) , 16,00,90,514 samples have been tested up to December 18 , of which 11,71,868 were conducted on Friday

BC: Talking to someone isnt.
AC: Talking to someone isnt .

BC: However, it is still quite unclear who she actually is.
AC: However , it is still quite unclear who she actually is .

BC: This was against their believes.
AC: This was against their believes .

BC: You should be careful in terms of investments.
AC: You should be careful in terms of investments .

BC: There are some differences.
AC: There are some differences .

BC: Whats he going to say anyway....
AC: Whats he going to say anyway ....

BC: More are underway.
AC: More are underway .

BC: In research, please understand that this informed consent procedure is considered as a very important procedure and it is a very sacrosanct procedure.
AC: In research , please understand that this informed consent procedure is considered as a very important procedure and it is a very sacrosanct procedure .

BC: The state government is taking every possible step for this.
AC: The state government is taking every possible step for this .

BC: Why the government has failed to ensure the security of a woman, she questioned.
AC: Why the government has failed to ensure the security of a woman , she questioned .

BC: But wont.
AC: But wont .

BC: I don't like them.
AC: I don 't like them .

BC: Your review of the EAS on its tenth anniversary set an excellent course for this regions most important forum.
AC: Your review of the EAS on its tenth anniversary set an excellent course for this regions most important forum .

BC: Allu Arjun fans have high expectations from the movie.
AC: Allu Arjun fans have high expectations from the movie .

BC: Mr. Tobgay reiterated Bhutans support for Indias permanent membership of the United Nations Security Council.
AC: Mr. Tobgay reiterated Bhutans support for Indias permanent membership of the United Nations Security Council .

BC: Language skills:
AC: Language skills :

BC: Union Minister Pratap Chandra Sarangi, who spoke in Sanskrit on the bill, said the language is very flexible and a single sentence can be spoken in many ways.
AC: Union Minister Pratap Chandra Sarangi , who spoke in Sanskrit on the bill , said the language is very flexible and a single sentence can be spoken in many ways .

BC: But surprise!
AC: But surprise !

BC: This verse might be expressed in this way: We have the prophetic word made more sure. and you are doing well in paying attention to it as to a lamp shining in a dark place, that is, in your hearts, until day dawns and a daystar rises.
AC: This verse might be expressed in this way : We have the prophetic word made more sure. and you are doing well in paying attention to it as to a lamp shining in a dark place , that is , in your hearts , until day dawns and a daystar rises .

BC: Enochs message, which will have its final fulfillment at Armageddon, surely reinforced Noahs faith and hope!
AC: Enochs message , which will have its final fulfillment at Armageddon , surely reinforced Noahs faith and hope !

BC: That is why he is a genius.
AC: That is why he is a genius .

BC: Remember that every individuals body is different.
AC: Remember that every individuals body is different .

BC: Once done, click on OK
AC: Once done , click on OK

BC: """People are losing lives."
AC: " " " People are losing lives . "

BC: He hasnt been married.
AC: He hasnt been married .

BC: It has entered the Guinness Book Of World Records.
AC: It has entered the Guinness Book Of World Records .

BC: Theres a group of thieves.
AC: Theres a group of thieves .

BC: The court has asked the state government to present a detailed report in the case.
AC: The court has asked the state government to present a detailed report in the case .

BC: He hailed from Maharashtra.
AC: He hailed from Maharashtra .

BC: Of these, 14 tested negative and one positive.
AC: Of these , 14 tested negative and one positive .

BC: The Government has gone in appeal to the Supreme Court against the high court's decision.
AC: The Government has gone in appeal to the Supreme Court against the high court 's decision .

BC: Pour oil in it and let it heat.
AC: Pour oil in it and let it heat .

BC: In the Family 9, 10.
AC: In the Family 9 , 10 .

BC: There are several temples in India.
AC: There are several temples in India .

BC: Just do it!
AC: Just do it !

BC: On which basis?
AC: On which basis ?

BC: The films shooting is over.
AC: The films shooting is over .

BC: So let's talk about equality.
AC: So let 's talk about equality .

BC: The fuel will also increase the commercial life of the vehicle.
AC: The fuel will also increase the commercial life of the vehicle .

BC: What about your upcoming films?
AC: What about your upcoming films ?

BC: 83 crore.
AC: 83 crore .

BC: Our music is unique.
AC: Our music is unique .

BC: This story is depicted in the movie Uri: The Surgical Strike starring Vicky Kaushal and Yami Gautam.
AC: This story is depicted in the movie Uri : The Surgical Strike starring Vicky Kaushal and Yami Gautam .

BC: I can live the way I want to.
AC: I can live the way I want to .

BC: The loss has been estimated at Rs 80 lakhs.
AC: The loss has been estimated at Rs 80 lakhs .

BC: Both have important roles in the Indian team.
AC: Both have important roles in the Indian team .

BC: Which will be beneficial for their future.
AC: Which will be beneficial for their future .

BC: What has the government decided?
AC: What has the government decided ?

BC: Campaigning has already begun.
AC: Campaigning has already begun .

BC: Rs 800 crore.
AC: Rs 800 crore .

BC: The government should decide on which crops should farmers go in for.
AC: The government should decide on which crops should farmers go in for .

BC: Thats a rare combination.
AC: Thats a rare combination .

BC: As an actor I am happy.
AC: As an actor I am happy .

BC: He said that the villages are being supplied water through transport.
AC: He said that the villages are being supplied water through transport .

BC: "There was an error loading the calendar, ""%s""."
AC: " There was an error loading the calendar , " " % s " . " "

BC: Heat oil in a pan and add the mustard, channa dal, turmeric and hing.
AC: Heat oil in a pan and add the mustard , channa dal , turmeric and hing .

BC: whats that?
AC: whats that ?

BC: The truth has to be faced.
AC: The truth has to be faced .

BC: The defaulters were being asked to make immediate payment of the outstanding dues.
AC: The defaulters were being asked to make immediate payment of the outstanding dues .

BC: The premium is nearly double.
AC: The premium is nearly double .

BC: It is available immediately.
AC: It is available immediately .

BC: From where have these marks come?
AC: From where have these marks come ?

BC: The doctor was surprised.
AC: The doctor was surprised .

BC: Maybe it was not intended.
AC: Maybe it was not intended .

BC: "That's why I have a huge respect for him,"" said"
AC: " That 's why I have a huge respect for him , " " said "

BC: What are the signs and symptoms of ovarian cancer?
AC: What are the signs and symptoms of ovarian cancer ?

BC: The British Government believed that the RSS was not supporting any civil disobedience against them, and their other political activities could thus be overlooked.
AC: The British Government believed that the RSS was not supporting any civil disobedience against them , and their other political activities could thus be overlooked .

BC: Physician Dr Mahseema Siddique, who treats dengue patients, blamed the government for the rise in cases, saying local authorities in Punjab and Islamabad in particular had failed to take precautions such as covering up water reservoirs or spraying anti-dengue chemicals.
AC: Physician Dr Mahseema Siddique , who treats dengue patients , blamed the government for the rise in cases , saying local authorities in Punjab and Islamabad in particular had failed to take precautions such as covering up water reservoirs or spraying anti-dengue chemicals .

BC: Rajamouli is the director of the film.
AC: Rajamouli is the director of the film .

BC: Post the incident, director Shankar visited the Press Club of Chennai and tendered an apology
AC: Post the incident , director Shankar visited the Press Club of Chennai and tendered an apology

BC: Keeping this situation in mind, the Government encouraged people to practice Yoga at their homes along with their family members.
AC: Keeping this situation in mind , the Government encouraged people to practice Yoga at their homes along with their family members .

BC: The eulogy furnishes evidence for the friendly relationship between the Chola monarchs and the Buddhists.
AC: The eulogy furnishes evidence for the friendly relationship between the Chola monarchs and the Buddhists .

BC: Mario, a father of two, similarly recommends: Give children lots of love, and read to them.
AC: Mario , a father of two , similarly recommends : Give children lots of love , and read to them .

BC: Jaju stated that private hospitals and labs in Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai were conducting Covid-19 tests and around 70 per cent of positive cases were being reported from there.
AC: Jaju stated that private hospitals and labs in Delhi , Mumbai , Chennai were conducting Covid-19 tests and around 70 per cent of positive cases were being reported from there .

BC: Railway authorities are probing the cause of the fire.
AC: Railway authorities are probing the cause of the fire .

BC: There is a constant battle on between the security forces and the Maoists.
AC: There is a constant battle on between the security forces and the Maoists .

BC: Do we need all this?
AC: Do we need all this ?

BC: Their expectations have been belied.
AC: Their expectations have been belied .

BC: Or they...
AC: Or they ...

BC: This is relatively quick and easy.
AC: This is relatively quick and easy .

BC: I went to Delhi for schooling.
AC: I went to Delhi for schooling .

BC: They wanted to...
AC: They wanted to ...

BC: Former England captain Kevin Pietersen said that he knew Virat Kohli was destined for greatness back when the two shared a dressing room in the Indian Premier League side Royal Challengers Bangalore.
AC: Former England captain Kevin Pietersen said that he knew Virat Kohli was destined for greatness back when the two shared a dressing room in the Indian Premier League side Royal Challengers Bangalore .

BC: The response has been stupendous.
AC: The response has been stupendous .

BC: And when she had weaned him, she took him up with her, with three bullocks, and one ephah of flour, and a bottle of wine, and brought him unto the house of the LORD in Shiloh: and the child was young.
AC: And when she had weaned him , she took him up with her , with three bullocks , and one ephah of flour , and a bottle of wine , and brought him unto the house of the LORD in Shiloh : and the child was young .

BC: His movements were captured on the CCTV.
AC: His movements were captured on the CCTV .

BC: It is being done in three phases.
AC: It is being done in three phases .

BC: Former India coach Anil Kumble has been roped in by Kings XI Punjab for Indian Premier League 2020.
AC: Former India coach Anil Kumble has been roped in by Kings XI Punjab for Indian Premier League 2020 .

BC: said Devaiah.
AC: said Devaiah .

BC: So every one is extra careful, he remarked.
AC: So every one is extra careful , he remarked .

BC: The police has registered a case on her complaint.
AC: The police has registered a case on her complaint .

BC: SO 1960-1980 DAILY EPISODE ARE NOT FORGETTEN.
AC: SO 1960-1980 DAILY EPISODE ARE NOT FORGETTEN .

BC: And Bezaleel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah, made all that the LORD commanded Moses.
AC: And Bezaleel the son of Uri , the son of Hur , of the tribe of Judah , made all that the LORD commanded Moses .

BC: That, for many people, is a surprise.
AC: That , for many people , is a surprise .

BC: Section 144 has been imposed all over the city.
AC: Section 144 has been imposed all over the city .

BC: 'He Is God?
AC: 'He Is God ?

BC: Have you ever had sex?
AC: Have you ever had sex ?

BC: So whats coming?
AC: So whats coming ?

BC: Festive Season has started.
AC: Festive Season has started .

BC: In Delhi, petrol price per litre is priced at Rs.
AC: In Delhi , petrol price per litre is priced at Rs.

BC: These photos were viral on social media.
AC: These photos were viral on social media .

BC: Financial problems bog you down.
AC: Financial problems bog you down .

BC: Security lapse!
AC: Security lapse !

BC: The following sources were black boxed:
AC: The following sources were black boxed :

BC: The photo is going viral on social media.
AC: The photo is going viral on social media .

BC: The police, however, didnt specify the grounds on which he had been arrested.
AC: The police , however , didnt specify the grounds on which he had been arrested .

BC: It also helps reduce swelling and edema.
AC: It also helps reduce swelling and edema .

BC: The Mitsubishi Eclipse Cross will be the fourth model in the company's SUV lineup, which currently includes the Outlander, the Montero and the Pajero Sport
AC: The Mitsubishi Eclipse Cross will be the fourth model in the company 's SUV lineup , which currently includes the Outlander , the Montero and the Pajero Sport

BC: The high court rejected these claims.
AC: The high court rejected these claims .

BC: He wont admit it.
AC: He wont admit it .

BC: The chief minister said that owing to the economic slowdown, the States budget was reduced to Rs 1.46 lakh crore.
AC: The chief minister said that owing to the economic slowdown , the States budget was reduced to Rs 1.46 lakh crore .

BC: Addressing the media, Rahul Gandhi said that soon after he was informed about the incident, he spoke with Rajasthan Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot.
AC: Addressing the media , Rahul Gandhi said that soon after he was informed about the incident , he spoke with Rajasthan Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot .

BC: The shooting of the film has completed and the team of KGF Chapter 2 are woking on the post production.
AC: The shooting of the film has completed and the team of KGF Chapter 2 are woking on the post production .

BC: to the country.
AC: to the country .

BC: in 1990 ,webX internet s/w has introdecsd
AC: in 1990 , webX internet s / w has introdecsd

BC: Police registered a case against him.
AC: Police registered a case against him .

BC: It becomes tough to search them.
AC: It becomes tough to search them .

BC: He got 85 per cent of the votes polled.
AC: He got 85 per cent of the votes polled .

BC: Eight domestic carriers - Air India, IndiGo, SpiceJet, GoAir, Air India Express, Vistara, AirAsia and Alliance together have 595 planes in their fleet at the moment.
AC: Eight domestic carriers - Air India , IndiGo , SpiceJet , GoAir , Air India Express , Vistara , AirAsia and Alliance together have 595 planes in their fleet at the moment .

BC: Music: Yuvan Shankar Raja, Cinematography: Sivakumar Vijayan, Editing: Praveen KL, Art: RK Vijay Murugan
AC: Music : Yuvan Shankar Raja , Cinematography : Sivakumar Vijayan , Editing : Praveen KL , Art : RK Vijay Murugan

BC: Police are looking out for him.
AC: Police are looking out for him .

BC: We have to think about them.
AC: We have to think about them .

BC: They are being treated in a government hospital.
AC: They are being treated in a government hospital .

BC: But what about you?
AC: But what about you ?

BC: Lift capacity: 151,010 per hour.
AC: Lift capacity : 151,010 per hour .

BC: It can be increased to 25,000.
AC: It can be increased to 25,000 .

BC: Karti Chidambaram, the son of senior Congress leader and former Union minister P Chidambaram, is accused of money laundering in the INX Media case and the Aircel-Maxis case.
AC: Karti Chidambaram , the son of senior Congress leader and former Union minister P Chidambaram , is accused of money laundering in the INX Media case and the Aircel-Maxis case .

BC: Behold, Moses and Elijah appeared to them talking with him.
AC: Behold , Moses and Elijah appeared to them talking with him .

BC: The water unit, costing Rs.
AC: The water unit , costing Rs.

BC: Police has detained two suspects and are interrogating them.
AC: Police has detained two suspects and are interrogating them .

BC: What else does he say?
AC: What else does he say ?

BC: These things are obvious in many cases.
AC: These things are obvious in many cases .

BC: Many have lost their lives to the virus.
AC: Many have lost their lives to the virus .

BC: Sivakumar Vijayan is helming the film's camera work.
AC: Sivakumar Vijayan is helming the film 's camera work .

BC: Prostate Specific Antigen (PSA) Test Measures the level of PSA, a protein produced by cells of the prostate gland, in a man's blood.
AC: Prostate Specific Antigen ( PSA ) Test Measures the level of PSA , a protein produced by cells of the prostate gland , in a man 's blood .

BC: This only raises more suspicions.
AC: This only raises more suspicions .

BC: Following this, the parents informed the matter to School headmistress.
AC: Following this , the parents informed the matter to School headmistress .

BC: Rohit and Kohli are one the crease.
AC: Rohit and Kohli are one the crease .

BC: The police also reached the spot and nabbed the youth.
AC: The police also reached the spot and nabbed the youth .

BC: This incident brings them closer together emotionally.
AC: This incident brings them closer together emotionally .

BC: The BJD too spoke on similar lines.
AC: The BJD too spoke on similar lines .

BC: That needs to be stopped.
AC: That needs to be stopped .

BC: This practice is, however, not very common.
AC: This practice is , however , not very common .

BC: New CRL is not later than the current one.
AC: New CRL is not later than the current one .

BC: This incident was shocking.
AC: This incident was shocking .

BC: Total recovered cases increased to 19 in the State.
AC: Total recovered cases increased to 19 in the State .

BC: Because of the food they eat.
AC: Because of the food they eat .

BC: 6 crore is available.
AC: 6 crore is available .

BC: Police are scrutinising footage of nearby CCTV cameras to trace the accused.
AC: Police are scrutinising footage of nearby CCTV cameras to trace the accused .

BC: 100 per day.
AC: 100 per day .

BC: It is so different from anything in Telugu cinema.
AC: It is so different from anything in Telugu cinema .

BC: The Sena demanded that the Government formulate a new law in Parliament to pave the way for the construction of Ram temple.
AC: The Sena demanded that the Government formulate a new law in Parliament to pave the way for the construction of Ram temple .

BC: Special attention needs to be paid to health.
AC: Special attention needs to be paid to health .

BC: Were still deciding on what to do with the premises.
AC: Were still deciding on what to do with the premises .

BC: Which One is the Best Metal or Wood?
AC: Which One is the Best Metal or Wood ?

BC: But analysts say its a toss-up.
AC: But analysts say its a toss-up .

BC: Use of mask has been made mandatory.
AC: Use of mask has been made mandatory .

BC: But, it is difficult to explain.
AC: But , it is difficult to explain .

BC: How often does he practice yoga?
AC: How often does he practice yoga ?

BC: Ministry of Housing Urban Affairs Dehradun Smart City takes measures including Integrated Command and Control Centre, CCTVs and Lockdown passes to combat COVID-19 Dehradun Smart City Limited (DSCL) has utilized the Integrated Command and Control Centre for monitoring and surveillance activities in the fight against Covid-19.
AC: Ministry of Housing Urban Affairs Dehradun Smart City takes measures including Integrated Command and Control Centre , CCTVs and Lockdown passes to combat COVID-19 Dehradun Smart City Limited ( DSCL ) has utilized the Integrated Command and Control Centre for monitoring and surveillance activities in the fight against Covid-19 .

BC: But not all cases move so quickly.
AC: But not all cases move so quickly .

BC: BJP had won 282 seats.
AC: BJP had won 282 seats .

BC: The police are trying to get in touch the victim's parents.
AC: The police are trying to get in touch the victim 's parents .

BC: The film is also doing well overseas.
AC: The film is also doing well overseas .

BC: Mohit had also worked in Sidharth Malhotra and Parineeti Chopra starrer, Jabariya Jodi.
AC: Mohit had also worked in Sidharth Malhotra and Parineeti Chopra starrer , Jabariya Jodi .

BC: 28 lakh crore.
AC: 28 lakh crore .

BC: Not as our assistant.
AC: Not as our assistant .

BC: What is technology?
AC: What is technology ?

BC: Whos them?
AC: Whos them ?

BC: It was due to the infighting between Congress stalwarts, former CM Siddaramaiah and senior minister D K Shivakumar.
AC: It was due to the infighting between Congress stalwarts , former CM Siddaramaiah and senior minister D K Shivakumar .

BC: He stated that the entire country is eagerly looking forward to see Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister.
AC: He stated that the entire country is eagerly looking forward to see Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister .

BC: After the massive response to the live fitness sessions under Fit India Active Day programme launched by Fit India, the Government of Indias flagship fitness movement is yet again set to start a new series of fitness sessions
AC: After the massive response to the live fitness sessions under Fit India Active Day programme launched by Fit India , the Government of Indias flagship fitness movement is yet again set to start a new series of fitness sessions

BC: The song has received over 118 million views on YouTube.
AC: The song has received over 118 million views on YouTube .

BC: Yogi Adityanath, UP CM
AC: Yogi Adityanath , UP CM

BC: In 332 B.C.E., Alexander the Great took control of Judaea.
AC: In 332 B.C.E. , Alexander the Great took control of Judaea .

BC: They won the WWF Tag Team Championship twice together.
AC: They won the WWF Tag Team Championship twice together .

BC: It's between: you & me
AC: It 's between : you & me

BC: The leaves of corn are used as fodder.
AC: The leaves of corn are used as fodder .

BC: There would be 170 dishes.
AC: There would be 170 dishes .

BC: 11 new positive COVID-19 cases reported in Karnataka. Bengaluru tops list
AC: 11 new positive COVID-19 cases reported in Karnataka . Bengaluru tops list

BC: Rashmika Mandanna plays the heroine in the film.
AC: Rashmika Mandanna plays the heroine in the film .

BC: She revealed the matter through her Instagram page.
AC: She revealed the matter through her Instagram page .

BC: Barmer District is a district in Rajasthan state of India.
AC: Barmer District is a district in Rajasthan state of India .

BC: Let it stay until dried completely.
AC: Let it stay until dried completely .

BC: The defects might include the following:
AC: The defects might include the following :

BC: However, the second plane, which was a turboprop Piper PA-42, rerouted to Ottawas international airport and landed safely there.
AC: However , the second plane , which was a turboprop Piper PA-42 , rerouted to Ottawas international airport and landed safely there .

BC: The woman immediately informed her husband about the incident and a complaint was registered with the police.
AC: The woman immediately informed her husband about the incident and a complaint was registered with the police .

BC: Chemically pure water has an electrical conductivity of 0.055 S/cm.
AC: Chemically pure water has an electrical conductivity of 0.055 S / cm .

BC: You can customise it as per your wish.
AC: You can customise it as per your wish .

BC: Price: Rs 76,000.
AC: Price : Rs 76,000 .

BC: An application in this regard has been filed at the court.
AC: An application in this regard has been filed at the court .

BC: 1 crore.
AC: 1 crore .

BC: Engineering at Brown is especially interdisciplinary.
AC: Engineering at Brown is especially interdisciplinary .

BC: Hannah is one of the two wives of Elkanah, a Levite who lives in the territory of Ephraim.
AC: Hannah is one of the two wives of Elkanah , a Levite who lives in the territory of Ephraim .

BC: """In the recent months, Check Point Research teams discovered multiple vulnerabilities within the TikTok application,"" researchers at Check Point noted on the company's website."
AC: " " " In the recent months , Check Point Research teams discovered multiple vulnerabilities within the TikTok application , " " researchers at Check Point noted on the company 's website . "

BC: Where did the bone go?
AC: Where did the bone go ?

BC: The scathing comment surprised many.
AC: The scathing comment surprised many .

BC: Olive oil contains many vitamins and minerals.
AC: Olive oil contains many vitamins and minerals .

BC: The curved display supports HDR 10 and 90Hz refresh rate.
AC: The curved display supports HDR 10 and 90Hz refresh rate .

BC: Other important aspects of the report are highlighted below.
AC: Other important aspects of the report are highlighted below .

BC: I've nothing to do with it.
AC: I 've nothing to do with it .

BC: Nooruddin was also arrested in connection with the case.
AC: Nooruddin was also arrested in connection with the case .

BC: Take medicines as prescribed by the doctor.
AC: Take medicines as prescribed by the doctor .

BC: What about Punjab Police?
AC: What about Punjab Police ?

BC: Who's living in the dark?
AC: Who 's living in the dark ?

BC: What are the pros and the cons?
AC: What are the pros and the cons ?

BC: The TDP leaders, despite being in responsible positions, are encouraging corruption
AC: The TDP leaders , despite being in responsible positions , are encouraging corruption

BC: I will not ask that.
AC: I will not ask that .

BC: Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar the leader of RJDs former ally the Janata Dal (United)
AC: Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar the leader of RJDs former ally the Janata Dal ( United )

BC: We must accept that.
AC: We must accept that .

BC: We have a lot of confidence in him.
AC: We have a lot of confidence in him .

BC: You fool!
AC: You fool !

BC: The fight against God and his people was aimed at wiping out Jehovahs Witnesses in that totalitarian domain.
AC: The fight against God and his people was aimed at wiping out Jehovahs Witnesses in that totalitarian domain .

BC: Almost 90 per cent.
AC: Almost 90 per cent .

BC: People should be more careful.
AC: People should be more careful .

BC: 10 crores have been released.
AC: 10 crores have been released .

BC: He requested them for some financial assistance.
AC: He requested them for some financial assistance .

BC: There are showers of rain.
AC: There are showers of rain .

BC: All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) president Asaduddin Owaisi also opposed the bill.
AC: All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen ( AIMIM ) president Asaduddin Owaisi also opposed the bill .

BC: A decision is yet to be taken.
AC: A decision is yet to be taken .

BC: This picture is going viral on social media.
AC: This picture is going viral on social media .

BC: The overnight heavy rainfall has inundated several areas in the city.
AC: The overnight heavy rainfall has inundated several areas in the city .

BC: This has not been proved scientifically.
AC: This has not been proved scientifically .

BC: The film will be directed by Anil Ravipudi and is being backed up by Mahesh Babu, Dil Raju and Anil Sunkara.
AC: The film will be directed by Anil Ravipudi and is being backed up by Mahesh Babu , Dil Raju and Anil Sunkara .

BC: Friends, The Mar Thoma Church is closely linked with the noble ideals of Saint Thomas, the Apostle of Lord Christ.
AC: Friends , The Mar Thoma Church is closely linked with the noble ideals of Saint Thomas , the Apostle of Lord Christ .

BC: CM meeting officials of various department.
AC: CM meeting officials of various department .

BC: Once the image is ready the paper is placed on the plate.
AC: Once the image is ready the paper is placed on the plate .

BC: Yes, vitamin C can help improve your immune system.
AC: Yes , vitamin C can help improve your immune system .

BC: Article 370 abolished.
AC: Article 370 abolished .

BC: Green tea is known to have many health benefits.
AC: Green tea is known to have many health benefits .

BC: All that is a thing of the past.
AC: All that is a thing of the past .

BC: Its such an amazing feeling.
AC: Its such an amazing feeling .

BC: A lot has changed in the country since those days.
AC: A lot has changed in the country since those days .

BC: Kollywood actor Vijay Sethupathi is playing the role of antagonist in the movie.
AC: Kollywood actor Vijay Sethupathi is playing the role of antagonist in the movie .

BC: But that did not turn out as expected.
AC: But that did not turn out as expected .

BC: K Balakrishnan, former legislator and farmers leader in Tamil Nadu, said the new rules would only lead to an unofficial ban on slaughter.
AC: K Balakrishnan , former legislator and farmers leader in Tamil Nadu , said the new rules would only lead to an unofficial ban on slaughter .

BC: Steps like the National Exit Test for graduates, along with a 2-year Post MBBS Diploma, or a District Residency scheme for post graduate doctors, are being worked out both at the requirement and quality levels.
AC: Steps like the National Exit Test for graduates , along with a 2-year Post MBBS Diploma , or a District Residency scheme for post graduate doctors , are being worked out both at the requirement and quality levels .

BC: Im not afraid about that.
AC: Im not afraid about that .

BC: This led to a controversy.
AC: This led to a controversy .

BC: Consider this case.
AC: Consider this case .

BC: Hes keen to come back.
AC: Hes keen to come back .

BC: Australian captain Aaron Finch won the toss and elected to bat first.
AC: Australian captain Aaron Finch won the toss and elected to bat first .

BC: She has acted in Telugu and Kannada movies, too.
AC: She has acted in Telugu and Kannada movies , too .

BC: The music for the film is given by Shakthikanth Karthick.
AC: The music for the film is given by Shakthikanth Karthick .

BC: They say there are two reasons for this.
AC: They say there are two reasons for this .

BC: He accused Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee of misleading the people of the State on the issue of NRC.
AC: He accused Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee of misleading the people of the State on the issue of NRC .

BC: Mix a tablespoon lemon juice, a tablespoon cucumber extract and a tablespoon rose water.
AC: Mix a tablespoon lemon juice , a tablespoon cucumber extract and a tablespoon rose water .

BC: Mix the entire mixture properly.
AC: Mix the entire mixture properly .

BC: 18 thousand-plus runs.
AC: 18 thousand-plus runs .

BC: """Loans worth Rs 7.77 lakh crore have been written off."
AC: " " " Loans worth Rs 7.77 lakh crore have been written off . "

BC: Police were deployed in large number at the protest venue.
AC: Police were deployed in large number at the protest venue .

BC: In quran and Hades there will given explanation about khiyamath.
AC: In quran and Hades there will given explanation about khiyamath .

BC: It is Gujarat.
AC: It is Gujarat .

BC: Controversial movie director Ram Gopal Varma has been in the headlines since the announcement of his upcoming movie Lakshmis NTR.
AC: Controversial movie director Ram Gopal Varma has been in the headlines since the announcement of his upcoming movie Lakshmis NTR .

BC: There are two districts in the province.
AC: There are two districts in the province .

BC: This went on for several days.
AC: This went on for several days .

BC: Some of the health benefits of pumpkin seeds include:
AC: Some of the health benefits of pumpkin seeds include :

BC: He won both seats.
AC: He won both seats .

BC: But is that a price worth paying?
AC: But is that a price worth paying ?

BC: Both were married at the time.
AC: Both were married at the time .

BC: Trade and commerce within the State subject to the provisions of entry 33 of List III. 27.
AC: Trade and commerce within the State subject to the provisions of entry 33 of List III . 27 .

BC: Meanwhile, Rs.
AC: Meanwhile , Rs.

BC: In the letter,...
AC: In the letter , ...

BC: The streets become muddy in the rains.
AC: The streets become muddy in the rains .

BC: They failed in that.
AC: They failed in that .

BC: However, the makers have not made any official announcement related to the release of the film.
AC: However , the makers have not made any official announcement related to the release of the film .

BC: The film has been produced by Lyca Productions.
AC: The film has been produced by Lyca Productions .

BC: It looks like it's going to be.
AC: It looks like it 's going to be .

BC: BJP Lok Sabha MP and former Indian cricketer Gautam Gambhir.
AC: BJP Lok Sabha MP and former Indian cricketer Gautam Gambhir .

BC: This totals $1.4 billion.
AC: This totals $ 1.4 billion .

BC: Subsequently, it was lost.
AC: Subsequently , it was lost .

BC: "RTC ED Venkateshwar said, ""We will take immediate action to address the complaints of commuters."
AC: " RTC ED Venkateshwar said , " " We will take immediate action to address the complaints of commuters . "

BC: The meeting was attended by Health Minister Alla Nani, Chief Secretary Neelam Sahni, DGP Gautam Sawang and Medical Health Commissioner Katamaneni Bhaskar
AC: The meeting was attended by Health Minister Alla Nani , Chief Secretary Neelam Sahni , DGP Gautam Sawang and Medical Health Commissioner Katamaneni Bhaskar

BC: Why are you after the film industry?
AC: Why are you after the film industry ?

BC: Happy to have won, she said.
AC: Happy to have won , she said .

BC: Do you watch cricket?
AC: Do you watch cricket ?

BC: The air quality is decreasing...
AC: The air quality is decreasing ...

BC: You could cook them or serve them raw.
AC: You could cook them or serve them raw .

BC: This will boost up your confidence.
AC: This will boost up your confidence .

BC: The iconic Aston Martin DB5 became popular as it featured in the James Bond film franchise.
AC: The iconic Aston Martin DB5 became popular as it featured in the James Bond film franchise .

BC: His family is facing an acute financial crisis.
AC: His family is facing an acute financial crisis .

BC: The winning team set a target of 161 runs in 20 overs after deciding to bat first.
AC: The winning team set a target of 161 runs in 20 overs after deciding to bat first .

BC: The couple has two children: daughter Rabia and son Karan.
AC: The couple has two children : daughter Rabia and son Karan .

BC: Adding to the worries of the ruling coalition, another Congress MLA Shreemant Patil was not seen in the House, amid reports he has been admitted in a Mumbai hospital.
AC: Adding to the worries of the ruling coalition , another Congress MLA Shreemant Patil was not seen in the House , amid reports he has been admitted in a Mumbai hospital .

BC: Relationship will be strong.
AC: Relationship will be strong .

BC: The film has been receiving tremendous response from critics as well as the audience on the very first day.
AC: The film has been receiving tremendous response from critics as well as the audience on the very first day .

BC: This creates a homogenous mixture.
AC: This creates a homogenous mixture .

BC: Kishwar Desai, Chairperson, The Partition Museum, Amritsar.
AC: Kishwar Desai , Chairperson , The Partition Museum , Amritsar .

BC: Police said she was 52.
AC: Police said she was 52 .

BC: Some useful shaving tips:
AC: Some useful shaving tips :

BC: A sum of Rs one lakh was given to him as financial assistance from the government.
AC: A sum of Rs one lakh was given to him as financial assistance from the government .

BC: In this film, she was seen as a child actor.
AC: In this film , she was seen as a child actor .

BC: Foreign Minister of Maldives Abdulla Shahid has thanked PM Modi and External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar for evacuating Maldivians from Wuhan.
AC: Foreign Minister of Maldives Abdulla Shahid has thanked PM Modi and External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar for evacuating Maldivians from Wuhan .

BC: He has some feelings about this.
AC: He has some feelings about this .

BC: India or Australia?
AC: India or Australia ?

BC: However, the exact number of Indians on board is not yet clear.
AC: However , the exact number of Indians on board is not yet clear .

BC: He thinks it was Shame shooting.
AC: He thinks it was Shame shooting .

BC: Take a look at this.
AC: Take a look at this .

BC: Where are these trees located?
AC: Where are these trees located ?

BC: Meanwhile, the TRS is also planning to bring key leaders from various other parties into the TRS.
AC: Meanwhile , the TRS is also planning to bring key leaders from various other parties into the TRS .

BC: Abra, abracabadbra I wanna reach out and grab ya
AC: Abra , abracabadbra I wanna reach out and grab ya

BC: While medication plays an important role in the management of the condition, here are a few other tips.
AC: While medication plays an important role in the management of the condition , here are a few other tips .

BC: Several parts of the world are still facing very difficult conditions.
AC: Several parts of the world are still facing very difficult conditions .

BC: 50 lakhs in cash.
AC: 50 lakhs in cash .

BC: Also, a revenue of Rs.
AC: Also , a revenue of Rs.

BC: The herb is very low in calories.
AC: The herb is very low in calories .

BC: In 1995 he introduced the Insurance Companies (Reserves) Act.
AC: In 1995 he introduced the Insurance Companies ( Reserves ) Act .

BC: Be killed.
AC: Be killed .

BC: Our politics is bad.
AC: Our politics is bad .

BC: But due to lockdown it didn't take place.
AC: But due to lockdown it didn 't take place .

BC: However, the police have registered a case in the matter.
AC: However , the police have registered a case in the matter .

BC: Another person was injured in the shootout.
AC: Another person was injured in the shootout .

BC: So, lets take a look at how you can do it.
AC: So , lets take a look at how you can do it .

BC: the brother recounted. He told me that he operated the same type of machine when he was a young man serving at Bethel, and he recalled how difficult it was to get just the right settings.
AC: the brother recounted . He told me that he operated the same type of machine when he was a young man serving at Bethel , and he recalled how difficult it was to get just the right settings .

BC: Whether you have seen also?
AC: Whether you have seen also ?

BC: It got translated into several languages.
AC: It got translated into several languages .

BC: Indian officials, however, say no formal notification to this effect was issued by Islamabad .
AC: Indian officials , however , say no formal notification to this effect was issued by Islamabad .

BC: Netizens are laughing over it.
AC: Netizens are laughing over it .

BC: Justice Indu Malhotra, the only woman in the five-judge bench of the Supreme Court that ruled that women of all ages must be allowed in Kerala's Sabarimala temple, gave a dissenting judgment.
AC: Justice Indu Malhotra , the only woman in the five-judge bench of the Supreme Court that ruled that women of all ages must be allowed in Kerala 's Sabarimala temple , gave a dissenting judgment .

BC: He said.
AC: He said .

BC: Those who are responsible for the attacks should be punished.
AC: Those who are responsible for the attacks should be punished .

BC: Cut the broccoli into small pieces and chop the onions finely.
AC: Cut the broccoli into small pieces and chop the onions finely .

BC: Listen to the sounds around you.
AC: Listen to the sounds around you .

BC: That scene was very well shot.
AC: That scene was very well shot .

BC: This is done in three stages.
AC: This is done in three stages .

BC: US President Donald Trump will also join him there.
AC: US President Donald Trump will also join him there .

BC: 118 million.
AC: 118 million .

BC: The antioxidants will make your skin glow.
AC: The antioxidants will make your skin glow .

BC: Almost all of them!
AC: Almost all of them !

BC: Whose sin is this?
AC: Whose sin is this ?

BC: Also, the first film received a good response.
AC: Also , the first film received a good response .

BC: """I hold myself responsible for this defeat,"" says Congress VP Rahul Gandhi"
AC: " " " I hold myself responsible for this defeat , " " says Congress VP Rahul Gandhi "

BC: No man among the descendants of Aaron the priest who has a defect is to come near to offer the LORD'S offerings by fire. since he has a defect, he shall not come near to offer the food of his God.
AC: No man among the descendants of Aaron the priest who has a defect is to come near to offer the LORD 'S offerings by fire. since he has a defect , he shall not come near to offer the food of his God .

BC: On the ICC World Test Championship points table, India became the first team to touch the 200-point mark.
AC: On the ICC World Test Championship points table , India became the first team to touch the 200-point mark .

BC: "He said Congress was the ""permanent guarantee for pluralism, secularism, social justice and equality enshrined in the Constitution""."
AC: " He said Congress was the " " permanent guarantee for pluralism , secularism , social justice and equality enshrined in the Constitution " . " "

BC: But there is one other factor that should be borne in mind.
AC: But there is one other factor that should be borne in mind .

BC: The carving is about eight feet long.
AC: The carving is about eight feet long .

BC: "If these are politically motivated, we will surely consider their withdrawal,"" the minister said."
AC: " If these are politically motivated , we will surely consider their withdrawal , " " the minister said . "

BC: It's getting lost...
AC: It 's getting lost ...

BC: The BJP demanded that Samajwadi Party should clarify its stand on this issue.
AC: The BJP demanded that Samajwadi Party should clarify its stand on this issue .

BC: Priced at Rs74,999.
AC: Priced at Rs74,999 .

BC: That is my primary role.
AC: That is my primary role .

BC: He needs to take into account underwater currents while steering clear of other ships.
AC: He needs to take into account underwater currents while steering clear of other ships .

BC: I picked up the bottle and put it in my bag.
AC: I picked up the bottle and put it in my bag .

BC: However, that happiness didnt last for long.
AC: However , that happiness didnt last for long .

BC: The title has not been revealed as of yet.
AC: The title has not been revealed as of yet .

BC: BJP openly tried to buy the MLAs.
AC: BJP openly tried to buy the MLAs .

BC: There were many difficulties.
AC: There were many difficulties .

BC: Let's have a look at a few of them!
AC: Let 's have a look at a few of them !

BC: It isnt their fault.
AC: It isnt their fault .

BC: The situation was deteriorating during the TDP regime.
AC: The situation was deteriorating during the TDP regime .

BC: He enquired about medical treatment patients were getting.
AC: He enquired about medical treatment patients were getting .

BC: And so it did happen.
AC: And so it did happen .

BC: Where was this village?
AC: Where was this village ?

BC: """People are feeling frustrated now"
AC: " " " People are feeling frustrated now "

BC: World Customs Organisation.
AC: World Customs Organisation .

BC: The film's music was composed by K. V. Mahadevan.
AC: The film 's music was composed by K. V. Mahadevan .

BC: Terrible road accident has occurred in Uttar Pradesh.
AC: Terrible road accident has occurred in Uttar Pradesh .

BC: The police has asked the public to avoid these routes to ensure there's no traffic congestion.
AC: The police has asked the public to avoid these routes to ensure there 's no traffic congestion .

BC: There's this guy, Robert Nkomo Morel.
AC: There 's this guy , Robert Nkomo Morel .

BC: Theyve different traits.
AC: Theyve different traits .

BC: RCB, on the other hand, have never won the IPL title.
AC: RCB , on the other hand , have never won the IPL title .

BC: That'll do.
AC: That 'll do .

BC: For example, young people in school today are under much pressure to qualify for enrollment in elite institutions of higher education.
AC: For example , young people in school today are under much pressure to qualify for enrollment in elite institutions of higher education .

BC: He often shares his pictures with her fans.
AC: He often shares his pictures with her fans .

BC: There is no shortage of resources.
AC: There is no shortage of resources .

BC: It happened, when the congregation was assembled against Moses and against Aaron, that they looked toward the Tent of Meeting: and behold, the cloud covered it, and the glory of Yahweh appeared.
AC: It happened , when the congregation was assembled against Moses and against Aaron , that they looked toward the Tent of Meeting : and behold , the cloud covered it , and the glory of Yahweh appeared .

BC: Three workers were injured.
AC: Three workers were injured .

BC: The incident took place in Pune.
AC: The incident took place in Pune .

BC: They were later released on own bail.
AC: They were later released on own bail .

BC: Subsequently, Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
AC: Subsequently , Prime Minister Narendra Modi .

BC: Youll love it!
AC: Youll love it !

BC: Do not trust any outsider.
AC: Do not trust any outsider .

BC: So think of the Bible as a large collection of letters from your beloved heavenly Father, and through these letters allow him to speak to you daily. Matthew 4: 4.
AC: So think of the Bible as a large collection of letters from your beloved heavenly Father , and through these letters allow him to speak to you daily . Matthew 4 : 4 .

BC: He tells the same to the family members as well.
AC: He tells the same to the family members as well .

BC: However, the footage leaked and went viral on the social media.
AC: However , the footage leaked and went viral on the social media .

BC: I need to achieve something in life.
AC: I need to achieve something in life .

BC: He had helped many people.
AC: He had helped many people .

BC: There is no death.
AC: There is no death .

BC: Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said.
AC: Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said .

BC: He emphasised that the students should respect their teachers.
AC: He emphasised that the students should respect their teachers .

BC: 25 crore.
AC: 25 crore .

BC: Rajasic food possesses attributes of negativity, passion, and restlessness.
AC: Rajasic food possesses attributes of negativity , passion , and restlessness .

BC: Naidu, who led TDP campaign, roped in National Conference leader Farooq Abdullah, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee and Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal for a couple of meetings and roadshows.
AC: Naidu , who led TDP campaign , roped in National Conference leader Farooq Abdullah , West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee and Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal for a couple of meetings and roadshows .

BC: The incident took place in the Punjagutta Police Station limits.
AC: The incident took place in the Punjagutta Police Station limits .

BC: Mainly in Tamil nadu Hondis ruled their kingdom and theircapital is Madurai.
AC: Mainly in Tamil nadu Hondis ruled their kingdom and theircapital is Madurai .

BC: You want to do it?
AC: You want to do it ?

BC: There is no formal provision that recipients of the Bharat Ratna should be Indian citizens.
AC: There is no formal provision that recipients of the Bharat Ratna should be Indian citizens .

BC: These are the symptoms:
AC: These are the symptoms :

BC: However, rules have changed.
AC: However , rules have changed .

BC: She graduated from Lady Shri Ram College, Delhi University.
AC: She graduated from Lady Shri Ram College , Delhi University .

BC: He got what he wanted.
AC: He got what he wanted .

BC: Meet new people.
AC: Meet new people .

BC: All evaluation work may be rescheduled after 31st March, 2020
AC: All evaluation work may be rescheduled after 31st March , 2020

BC: Egypt lost all three of its matches in the World Cup against Uruguay, Russia and Saudi Arabia.
AC: Egypt lost all three of its matches in the World Cup against Uruguay , Russia and Saudi Arabia .

BC: His father is from India.
AC: His father is from India .

BC: He summons his picked troops. They stumble on their way. They dash to its wall, and the protective shield is put in place.
AC: He summons his picked troops . They stumble on their way . They dash to its wall , and the protective shield is put in place .

BC: I am pleased to welcome you all.
AC: I am pleased to welcome you all .

BC: The Saavn co-founders Rishi Malhotra, Paramdeep Singh and Vinodh Bhat continue in their leadership roles to fuel the growth of the company.
AC: The Saavn co-founders Rishi Malhotra , Paramdeep Singh and Vinodh Bhat continue in their leadership roles to fuel the growth of the company .

BC: I cant speak for the other languages.
AC: I cant speak for the other languages .

BC: There have been concerns too.
AC: There have been concerns too .

BC: Their own sedentary nature too is responsible for this to some extent.
AC: Their own sedentary nature too is responsible for this to some extent .

BC: However, no official statement has been issued on this.
AC: However , no official statement has been issued on this .

BC: We both agreed that the current trajectory of the Indian economy opens up many promising opportunities for Israeli companies.
AC: We both agreed that the current trajectory of the Indian economy opens up many promising opportunities for Israeli companies .

BC: The Minister inquired about the progress of the construction.
AC: The Minister inquired about the progress of the construction .

BC: The film is produced under SRT Entertainment banner by Ram Talluri .Nela Ticket is directed by Kalyan Krishna Kurasala.
AC: The film is produced under SRT Entertainment banner by Ram Talluri .Nela Ticket is directed by Kalyan Krishna Kurasala .

BC: I don't read anything.
AC: I don 't read anything .

BC: However, the accused person was arrested by the police.
AC: However , the accused person was arrested by the police .

BC: Its a completely political move.
AC: Its a completely political move .

BC: One has to do some things for self-satisfaction in life.
AC: One has to do some things for self-satisfaction in life .

BC: The Indian women's team, comprised of Dipika Pallikal Karthik, Joshana Chinappa, Sunayna Kuruvilla and Tanvi Khanna lost their final against Hong Kong and settled for a silver medal.
AC: The Indian women 's team , comprised of Dipika Pallikal Karthik , Joshana Chinappa , Sunayna Kuruvilla and Tanvi Khanna lost their final against Hong Kong and settled for a silver medal .

BC: Then something went wrong.
AC: Then something went wrong .

BC: To win a Rajya Sabha seat, any candidate in Gujarat needs at least 34 MLAs
AC: To win a Rajya Sabha seat , any candidate in Gujarat needs at least 34 MLAs

BC: India has so far tested 10,39,645 samples so far, revealed the Indian Council of Medical Research
AC: India has so far tested 10,39,645 samples so far , revealed the Indian Council of Medical Research

BC: It's good timing.
AC: It 's good timing .

BC: Has anyone been injured?
AC: Has anyone been injured ?

BC: The disease is contagious.
AC: The disease is contagious .

BC: Congress-JD(S) govt fails trust vote, Kumaraswamy resign as CM | Highlights
AC: Congress-JD ( S ) govt fails trust vote , Kumaraswamy resign as CM | Highlights

BC: Rohan Mehra is the son of Bollywood actor Vinod Mehra.
AC: Rohan Mehra is the son of Bollywood actor Vinod Mehra .

BC: This is right.
AC: This is right .

BC: Nothing was planned.
AC: Nothing was planned .

BC: The application process has already begun.
AC: The application process has already begun .

BC: It has stopped coming.
AC: It has stopped coming .

BC: Mahesh Babu is also a part of the film's production.
AC: Mahesh Babu is also a part of the film 's production .

BC: 429 crore.
AC: 429 crore .

BC: Is it difficult?
AC: Is it difficult ?

BC: PM Modi goes to France.
AC: PM Modi goes to France .

BC: Why won't they prosper?
AC: Why won 't they prosper ?

BC: Arrangements are in order.
AC: Arrangements are in order .

BC: Indeed, it is.
AC: Indeed , it is .

BC: In the bowling department, too, Hyderabad has a formidable attack featuring Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Rashid Khan, Mohammed Nabi, Khaleel Ahmed and Sandeep Sharma.
AC: In the bowling department , too , Hyderabad has a formidable attack featuring Bhuvneshwar Kumar , Rashid Khan , Mohammed Nabi , Khaleel Ahmed and Sandeep Sharma .

BC: This movie has Malavika Nair and Hebah Patel as lead actresses.
AC: This movie has Malavika Nair and Hebah Patel as lead actresses .

BC: It wasn't meant to.
AC: It wasn 't meant to .

BC: But he wasn't done yet!
AC: But he wasn 't done yet !

BC: Margins have fallen.
AC: Margins have fallen .

BC: Hence, it can be termed as the main halting place while visiting Sabrimala
AC: Hence , it can be termed as the main halting place while visiting Sabrimala

BC: Ministry of Rural Development Under Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana, 1858 roads of length 11,517 km and 84 bridges have been completed in Jammu Kashmir In Ladakh, 96 roads of length 699 km and 2 bridges have been completed under PMGSY till July 2020 Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana, is a flagship program of Govt.
AC: Ministry of Rural Development Under Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana , 1858 roads of length 11,517 km and 84 bridges have been completed in Jammu Kashmir In Ladakh , 96 roads of length 699 km and 2 bridges have been completed under PMGSY till July 2020 Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana , is a flagship program of Govt .

BC: Read out!
AC: Read out !

BC: It is found in the oil from plants of the genus Hydnocarpus from which it derives its name.
AC: It is found in the oil from plants of the genus Hydnocarpus from which it derives its name .

BC: I have raised this issue in Lok Sabha as well.
AC: I have raised this issue in Lok Sabha as well .

BC: India has qualified for the finals without losing a single match in the tournament so far.
AC: India has qualified for the finals without losing a single match in the tournament so far .

BC: What are detox teas?
AC: What are detox teas ?

BC: The two were known to each other earlier.
AC: The two were known to each other earlier .

BC: BJP lawmakers however walked out of the assembly before the trust vote was conducted.
AC: BJP lawmakers however walked out of the assembly before the trust vote was conducted .

BC: ( d) the appropriation of moneys out of the Consolidated Fund of the State.
AC: ( d ) the appropriation of moneys out of the Consolidated Fund of the State .

BC: He has already shown his acting in his previous films.
AC: He has already shown his acting in his previous films .

BC: What are the appointed times of the nations, and why are they of interest to us?
AC: What are the appointed times of the nations , and why are they of interest to us ?

BC: Or will do.
AC: Or will do .

BC: If we cannot make explicit choices, how do we know that our set exists?
AC: If we cannot make explicit choices , how do we know that our set exists ?

BC: You cannot sell a?
AC: You cannot sell a ?

BC: Are You Ready for Jehovahs Day?
AC: Are You Ready for Jehovahs Day ?

BC: How great is that!
AC: How great is that !

BC: If they do work with us, thats fine.
AC: If they do work with us , thats fine .

BC: Shikhar Dhawan, meanwhile, made a return to the Test team after opting out of the second Test for personal reasons.
AC: Shikhar Dhawan , meanwhile , made a return to the Test team after opting out of the second Test for personal reasons .

BC: 'Dhol' movie trailer
AC: 'Dhol ' movie trailer

BC: That doesnt give me joy.
AC: That doesnt give me joy .

BC: Incident took place in Australia.
AC: Incident took place in Australia .

BC: All were family pets.
AC: All were family pets .

BC: Read Matthew 6: 26.
AC: Read Matthew 6 : 26 .

BC: What have the TDP leaders therefore, resorted to?
AC: What have the TDP leaders therefore , resorted to ?

BC: It can cause nausea and diarrhea, muscle paralysis, cardiac arrhythmia, and can cause death.
AC: It can cause nausea and diarrhea , muscle paralysis , cardiac arrhythmia , and can cause death .

BC: He is a political and social worker.
AC: He is a political and social worker .

BC: What did Trump say?
AC: What did Trump say ?

BC: Why did you choose a political theme?
AC: Why did you choose a political theme ?

BC: Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal reached the spot soon after the incident.
AC: Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal reached the spot soon after the incident .

BC: As a result of this victory, India also became the first team in Test history to register four successive innings wins.
AC: As a result of this victory , India also became the first team in Test history to register four successive innings wins .

BC: Tensions still remain high.
AC: Tensions still remain high .

BC: This is being done at an estimated Rs 35 crore.
AC: This is being done at an estimated Rs 35 crore .

BC: Whos ready?
AC: Whos ready ?

BC: Despite their poverty, many insist that the publishers accept donations.
AC: Despite their poverty , many insist that the publishers accept donations .

BC: Itll take time to recuperate.
AC: Itll take time to recuperate .

BC: The muhurat (launch) of the film took place in Hyderabad with Lakshmi Manchu, Allu Aravind, Tammareddy Bharadwaja, and Sundeep Kishan in attendance.
AC: The muhurat ( launch ) of the film took place in Hyderabad with Lakshmi Manchu , Allu Aravind , Tammareddy Bharadwaja , and Sundeep Kishan in attendance .

BC: Sasikala is expected to travel to Thanjavur directly by road for the funeral.
AC: Sasikala is expected to travel to Thanjavur directly by road for the funeral .

BC: The shocking incident took place at Siddheshwar Nagar Kakati in Belagavi district of Karnataka.
AC: The shocking incident took place at Siddheshwar Nagar Kakati in Belagavi district of Karnataka .

BC: The bill is aimed at replacing the ordinance to provide 10 percent reservation for economically weaker sections in Jammu and Kashmir.
AC: The bill is aimed at replacing the ordinance to provide 10 percent reservation for economically weaker sections in Jammu and Kashmir .

BC: For a kill.
AC: For a kill .

BC: Prime Minister Modi also acknowledged the efforts of two young IIT professionals from Rae Bareilly, who used their skills and technology to develop the Smart Gaon App.
AC: Prime Minister Modi also acknowledged the efforts of two young IIT professionals from Rae Bareilly , who used their skills and technology to develop the Smart Gaon App .

BC: 70 crores.
AC: 70 crores .

BC: No, its real!
AC: No , its real !

BC: Two families live in some of the one-room houses.
AC: Two families live in some of the one-room houses .

BC: Recently, another such image also went viral on social media.
AC: Recently , another such image also went viral on social media .

BC: Like father...
AC: Like father ...

BC: Comparing Kanhaiya Kumar with Bhagat Singh is an insult to the freedom fighter and all the patriots.
AC: Comparing Kanhaiya Kumar with Bhagat Singh is an insult to the freedom fighter and all the patriots .

BC: So these are the test cases which set to this truth values will achieve MCDC coverage.
AC: So these are the test cases which set to this truth values will achieve MCDC coverage .

BC: A major fire reported in Vijayawada.
AC: A major fire reported in Vijayawada .

BC: Do you write lyrics too?
AC: Do you write lyrics too ?

BC: Former Indian wicketkeeper Farokh Engineer lashed out at the Indian selection committee headed by MSK Prasad.
AC: Former Indian wicketkeeper Farokh Engineer lashed out at the Indian selection committee headed by MSK Prasad .

BC: These are those who were numbered, whom Moses and Aaron numbered, and the princes of Israel, being twelve men: they were each one for his fathers' house.
AC: These are those who were numbered , whom Moses and Aaron numbered , and the princes of Israel , being twelve men : they were each one for his fathers ' house .

BC: Seniors as well as service clubs take it upon themselves to enforce this rule to a degree.
AC: Seniors as well as service clubs take it upon themselves to enforce this rule to a degree .

BC: You know that he was revealed to take away our sins, and in him is no sin.
AC: You know that he was revealed to take away our sins , and in him is no sin .

BC: Apart from the HDFC twins, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), Infosys, Kotak Mahindra Bank, ICICI Bank and Bajaj Finance were other gainers.
AC: Apart from the HDFC twins , Tata Consultancy Services ( TCS ) , Infosys , Kotak Mahindra Bank , ICICI Bank and Bajaj Finance were other gainers .

BC: He said relief and restoration work were under way.
AC: He said relief and restoration work were under way .

BC: He has much more experience.
AC: He has much more experience .

BC: """To him who is ready to faint, kindness should be shown from his friend. even to him who forsakes the fear of the Almighty."
AC: " " " To him who is ready to faint , kindness should be shown from his friend. even to him who forsakes the fear of the Almighty . "

BC: This is not a sensationalist book.
AC: This is not a sensationalist book .

BC: Parents of the girl have informed the police of the incident.
AC: Parents of the girl have informed the police of the incident .

BC: She enquired about the health condition of the victim.
AC: She enquired about the health condition of the victim .

BC: Supposing you do a transaction of Rs 4 lakh in cash, then the penalty would be Rs 4 lakh.
AC: Supposing you do a transaction of Rs 4 lakh in cash , then the penalty would be Rs 4 lakh .

BC: Competition is within us.
AC: Competition is within us .

BC: How will assets be shared?
AC: How will assets be shared ?

BC: Peoples perceptions vary.
AC: Peoples perceptions vary .

BC: Its not a crime.
AC: Its not a crime .

BC: They demanded stringent action against the officials.
AC: They demanded stringent action against the officials .

BC: The deceased is a 24-year old gulf returnee in Kollam district who died yesterday while in home quarantine and his test results came positive today.
AC: The deceased is a 24-year old gulf returnee in Kollam district who died yesterday while in home quarantine and his test results came positive today .

BC: cost of Rs 1700 crores.
AC: cost of Rs 1700 crores .

BC: Land mines still abound.
AC: Land mines still abound .

BC: I am not so positive.
AC: I am not so positive .

