BC: Hirings are also made in KGBV schools on a contractual basis.
AC: Hirings are also made in KGBV schools on a contractual basis .

BC: Following queries sent by the national daily to Google, the technology giant took down five such apps including Ok Cash, Go Cash, Flip Cash, ECash and SnapItLoan.
AC: Following queries sent by the national daily to Google , the technology giant took down five such apps including Ok Cash , Go Cash , Flip Cash , ECash and SnapItLoan .

BC: Many people were critically injured in the attack.
AC: Many people were critically injured in the attack .

BC: As part of this, Rs.
AC: As part of this , Rs.

BC: Everyone is behind him.
AC: Everyone is behind him .

BC: NDA candidate Harivansh Narayan Singh emerged the winner with 125 votes.
AC: NDA candidate Harivansh Narayan Singh emerged the winner with 125 votes .

BC: The Congress party is in disarray.
AC: The Congress party is in disarray .

BC: Why gentle?
AC: Why gentle ?

BC: The DMDK secured just 2.4 percent of votes across the state.
AC: The DMDK secured just 2.4 percent of votes across the state .

BC: Sri lanka was never likely to challenge that total and was bowled out for 233 in 46.1 overs in reply.
AC: Sri lanka was never likely to challenge that total and was bowled out for 233 in 46.1 overs in reply .

BC: But this isnt right.
AC: But this isnt right .

BC: No phone calls.
AC: No phone calls .

BC: The film has managed to draw in large crowds and hit the milestone despite 50 per cent occupancy in theatres.
AC: The film has managed to draw in large crowds and hit the milestone despite 50 per cent occupancy in theatres .

BC: The film is being directed by Boyapati Srinu.
AC: The film is being directed by Boyapati Srinu .

BC: Guard Against Self - Deception Why do imperfect humans have a tendency to deceive themselves?
AC: Guard Against Self - Deception Why do imperfect humans have a tendency to deceive themselves ?

BC: Corporate Office Address:
AC: Corporate Office Address :

BC: The titular role was played by Nagarjuna.
AC: The titular role was played by Nagarjuna .

BC: 1000 notes?
AC: 1000 notes ?

BC: Shortly thereafter, he was appointed an elder.
AC: Shortly thereafter , he was appointed an elder .

BC: He congratulated the newly elected legislators.
AC: He congratulated the newly elected legislators .

BC: Aditi Rao Hydari, Nivetha Thomas and Sudheer Babu plays the leads in the movie.
AC: Aditi Rao Hydari , Nivetha Thomas and Sudheer Babu plays the leads in the movie .

BC: Satish: That's right.
AC: Satish : That 's right .

BC: Director AR Murugadoss's Sarkar features Vijay in lead role.
AC: Director AR Murugadoss 's Sarkar features Vijay in lead role .

BC: He has not been interrogated by the police as yet.
AC: He has not been interrogated by the police as yet .

BC: Yet, there was no response from the government.
AC: Yet , there was no response from the government .

BC: Another big injury.
AC: Another big injury .

BC: According to Delhi Fire Service, students of Jamia Millia Islamia University blocked the way of one of the fire tenders and damaged it.
AC: According to Delhi Fire Service , students of Jamia Millia Islamia University blocked the way of one of the fire tenders and damaged it .

BC: Nonetheless, the government is continuing its efforts.
AC: Nonetheless , the government is continuing its efforts .

BC: The students were divided into five groups.
AC: The students were divided into five groups .

BC: Suma Kanakala and Rajiv Kanakala got married in the year 1999.
AC: Suma Kanakala and Rajiv Kanakala got married in the year 1999 .

BC: If you do not get proper sleep then it can lead to various health problems.
AC: If you do not get proper sleep then it can lead to various health problems .

BC: Do you know what it is?
AC: Do you know what it is ?

BC: The trailer of the film has already generated massive interest.
AC: The trailer of the film has already generated massive interest .

BC: To know the answers to such questions, we have to watch the film.
AC: To know the answers to such questions , we have to watch the film .

BC: But the entire area is shut.
AC: But the entire area is shut .

BC: He said there was neither any move for splitting the party and nor any plan of anybody to resign from the Congress.
AC: He said there was neither any move for splitting the party and nor any plan of anybody to resign from the Congress .

BC: Request approved.
AC: Request approved .

BC: It needs to be careful.
AC: It needs to be careful .

BC: EAST GERMAN BUILD A WALL TO NOT ESCAPE WEST GERMAN FROM THEIR IN 1961.
AC: EAST GERMAN BUILD A WALL TO NOT ESCAPE WEST GERMAN FROM THEIR IN 1961 .

BC: Many people have left home due to floods.
AC: Many people have left home due to floods .

BC: I didnt have suicidal thoughts.
AC: I didnt have suicidal thoughts .

BC: We all burst out laughing.
AC: We all burst out laughing .

BC: I was born in Hyderabad.
AC: I was born in Hyderabad .

BC: The product failed.
AC: The product failed .

BC: The children had fun.
AC: The children had fun .

BC: The resulting solution is usually colorless and odorless.
AC: The resulting solution is usually colorless and odorless .

BC: The engine produces 8bhp, along with 8.74Nm of peak torque
AC: The engine produces 8bhp , along with 8.74Nm of peak torque

BC: Everything is his.
AC: Everything is his .

BC: AIMIM, an ally of TRS, became second largest party with seven MLAs.
AC: AIMIM , an ally of TRS , became second largest party with seven MLAs .

BC: He reported it to the police.
AC: He reported it to the police .

BC: Fortunately, no lives were lost in the accident.
AC: Fortunately , no lives were lost in the accident .

BC: Whats the science behind this?
AC: Whats the science behind this ?

BC: Thats another.
AC: Thats another .

BC: Victory Venkatesh and Naga Chaitanya Akkineni play the lead roles in the movie Venky Mama.
AC: Victory Venkatesh and Naga Chaitanya Akkineni play the lead roles in the movie Venky Mama .

BC: Grants to RLBs are to be released in two equal installments.
AC: Grants to RLBs are to be released in two equal installments .

BC: The government is doing its best to provide all possible assistance to those affected.
AC: The government is doing its best to provide all possible assistance to those affected .

BC: But I really dont know.
AC: But I really dont know .

BC: {n} minute ago
AC: { n } minute ago

BC: She has two children, Sanjay and Aanar.
AC: She has two children , Sanjay and Aanar .

BC: But no assurance was given by her.
AC: But no assurance was given by her .

BC: Shivraj Patil's position at stake?
AC: Shivraj Patil 's position at stake ?

BC: Not only this, the Rs.
AC: Not only this , the Rs.

BC: This movie is fun.
AC: This movie is fun .

BC: They hanged the dead bodies from trees so as to spread terror.
AC: They hanged the dead bodies from trees so as to spread terror .

BC: There is no duality.
AC: There is no duality .

BC: Vivo launches a new Y-series smartphone in the country called the Vivo Y19.
AC: Vivo launches a new Y-series smartphone in the country called the Vivo Y19 .

BC: "Torsten Muller Otvos, Chief Executive Officer, Rolls-Royce Motor Cars, commented, ""I am truly delighted to confirm today the development of our new model which will open an exciting new chapter in the great story of Rolls Royce Motor Cars."""
AC: " Torsten Muller Otvos , Chief Executive Officer , Rolls-Royce Motor Cars , commented , " " I am truly delighted to confirm today the development of our new model which will open an exciting new chapter in the great story of Rolls Royce Motor Cars . " " "

BC: The two nations sign a defence co-operation agreement.
AC: The two nations sign a defence co-operation agreement .

BC: 5 lakhs seized.
AC: 5 lakhs seized .

BC: Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi addressing an election rally in Aligarh.
AC: Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi addressing an election rally in Aligarh .

BC: 63 crores.
AC: 63 crores .

BC: He said it!
AC: He said it !

BC: Tell me about it!
AC: Tell me about it !

BC: He had commenced training with the Jharkhand team some time back.
AC: He had commenced training with the Jharkhand team some time back .

BC: What are the broad types of wellness programmes that health insurance policies offer?
AC: What are the broad types of wellness programmes that health insurance policies offer ?

BC: Cultural events mesmerized the audience.
AC: Cultural events mesmerized the audience .

BC: The joblessness among male on all India basis was 6.2 per cent, while it was 5.7 per cent in case of females
AC: The joblessness among male on all India basis was 6.2 per cent , while it was 5.7 per cent in case of females

BC: People from other states are coming here for work.
AC: People from other states are coming here for work .

BC: He said media has a key role in spreading the awareness about autism.
AC: He said media has a key role in spreading the awareness about autism .

BC: A massive set has been constructed in Ramoji Film City for the shoot.
AC: A massive set has been constructed in Ramoji Film City for the shoot .

BC: The event will be live streamed via YouTube on the companys official channel.
AC: The event will be live streamed via YouTube on the companys official channel .

BC: Both the injured...
AC: Both the injured ...

BC: Salman Khan 's upcoming movie Bharat is set with another latest look of Salman Khan.
AC: Salman Khan ' s upcoming movie Bharat is set with another latest look of Salman Khan .

BC: The camera quality seems excellent.
AC: The camera quality seems excellent .

BC: Why go green?
AC: Why go green ?

BC: Industry favourable atmosphere is available in the State.
AC: Industry favourable atmosphere is available in the State .

BC: The 11 migrants workers, all natives of Vizianagaram district, went to Nellore for work.
AC: The 11 migrants workers , all natives of Vizianagaram district , went to Nellore for work .

BC: Sehore district lies in west, Vidisha district in the north, Sagar district in the east and south-east, Narsimhapur district in the south-east, Hoshangabad and Sehore districts in the south.
AC: Sehore district lies in west , Vidisha district in the north , Sagar district in the east and south-east , Narsimhapur district in the south-east , Hoshangabad and Sehore districts in the south .

BC: Pure gold!
AC: Pure gold !

BC: The dedication of the Kosi Rail Mahasetu is a watershed moment in the history of Bihar and the entire region connecting to the North East.
AC: The dedication of the Kosi Rail Mahasetu is a watershed moment in the history of Bihar and the entire region connecting to the North East .

BC: Skylab was the first American space station.
AC: Skylab was the first American space station .

BC: Tomato: 3 nos (diced)
AC: Tomato : 3 nos ( diced )

BC: Greg Barclay has been elected as the new Independent Chair of the International Cricket Council.
AC: Greg Barclay has been elected as the new Independent Chair of the International Cricket Council .

BC: Guests at the wedding also gifted onions to the couple.
AC: Guests at the wedding also gifted onions to the couple .

BC: Jack Brabham, F1 champion in 1959, 1960 and 1966, won the French Formula Two championship in 1966, but there was no international F2 championship that year.
AC: Jack Brabham , F1 champion in 1959 , 1960 and 1966 , won the French Formula Two championship in 1966 , but there was no international F2 championship that year .

BC: Srinagar: A female IPS officer has been appointed as Inspector General (IG) of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF), Srinagar sector.
AC: Srinagar : A female IPS officer has been appointed as Inspector General ( IG ) of the Central Reserve Police Force ( CRPF ) , Srinagar sector .

BC: The name of Mahesh's character in the film is 'Rishi'.
AC: The name of Mahesh 's character in the film is ' Rishi ' .

BC: Indian automaker Tata Motors has just launched its new MPV, the Hexa in the Indian market
AC: Indian automaker Tata Motors has just launched its new MPV , the Hexa in the Indian market

BC: The injured have been taken to hospital and are receiving treatment.
AC: The injured have been taken to hospital and are receiving treatment .

BC: Janhvi Kapoor makes her Bollywood debut with Dhadak.
AC: Janhvi Kapoor makes her Bollywood debut with Dhadak .

BC: Following this, the court rejected the plea.
AC: Following this , the court rejected the plea .

BC: Why dreams failed?
AC: Why dreams failed ?

BC: New Delhi: Gopalkrishna Gandhi, former West Bengal governor, is the Opposition's pick for the post of vice president.
AC: New Delhi : Gopalkrishna Gandhi , former West Bengal governor , is the Opposition 's pick for the post of vice president .

BC: Each team will be consisting of five players.
AC: Each team will be consisting of five players .

BC: Do animals help each other?
AC: Do animals help each other ?

BC: Everyone knows how good an actor she was.
AC: Everyone knows how good an actor she was .

BC: The case against him was subsequently abated.
AC: The case against him was subsequently abated .

BC: Union Minister Nirmala Sitharaman takes oath.
AC: Union Minister Nirmala Sitharaman takes oath .

BC: """The Congress central election committee has approved the candidature of Urmila Matondkar as party candidate to contest the ensuing general elections from Mumbai North parliamentary constituency in Maharashtra,"" a party statement said."
AC: " " " The Congress central election committee has approved the candidature of Urmila Matondkar as party candidate to contest the ensuing general elections from Mumbai North parliamentary constituency in Maharashtra , " " a party statement said . "

BC: Singh also visited ITBP's Rimkhim post near the India-China border.
AC: Singh also visited ITBP 's Rimkhim post near the India-China border .

BC: I did not watch the film in theatres.
AC: I did not watch the film in theatres .

BC: Life is still.
AC: Life is still .

BC: This will be disastrous for the state.
AC: This will be disastrous for the state .

BC: Bank money, which consists only of records (mostly computerized in modern banking), forms by far the largest part of broad money in developed countries.
AC: Bank money , which consists only of records ( mostly computerized in modern banking ) , forms by far the largest part of broad money in developed countries .

BC: This is called differentiation.
AC: This is called differentiation .

BC: But the government discontinued both.
AC: But the government discontinued both .

BC: According to a PTI report, Khattar has been charged by the agency for 110 crore bank fraud linked to his entrepreneurial venture Carnation Auto India Pvt.
AC: According to a PTI report , Khattar has been charged by the agency for 110 crore bank fraud linked to his entrepreneurial venture Carnation Auto India Pvt.

BC: And then, again, it's a spectrum: when you move in this direction, you're going to lose weight, you'll feel better, and you'll gain health.
AC: And then , again , it 's a spectrum : when you move in this direction , you 're going to lose weight , you 'll feel better , and you 'll gain health .

BC: Let us see to that.
AC: Let us see to that .

BC: Im the films producer.
AC: Im the films producer .

BC: He said that perhaps their daily struggles had helped instil resilience in them, to deal courageously in adverse situations.
AC: He said that perhaps their daily struggles had helped instil resilience in them , to deal courageously in adverse situations .

BC: It's very easy to cook and will save time.
AC: It 's very easy to cook and will save time .

BC: The police arrested her right away.
AC: The police arrested her right away .

BC: This faculty has the ability to render judgment, and we can be accused or even excused by it.
AC: This faculty has the ability to render judgment , and we can be accused or even excused by it .

BC: Power Star Pawan Kalyan is a busy man.
AC: Power Star Pawan Kalyan is a busy man .

BC: Sri Lanka had earlier given India the target of 239 runs.
AC: Sri Lanka had earlier given India the target of 239 runs .

BC: It's built entirely out of plastic.
AC: It 's built entirely out of plastic .

BC: """The last schedule will be shot in Hyderabad."
AC: " " " The last schedule will be shot in Hyderabad . "

BC: This is the first of its kind system launched in India.
AC: This is the first of its kind system launched in India .

BC: My God is aware of it.
AC: My God is aware of it .

BC: The rest is the story.
AC: The rest is the story .

BC: It is not easy and extremely expensive.
AC: It is not easy and extremely expensive .

BC: 4 crore.
AC: 4 crore .

BC: With each passing day, Bigg Boss Telugu Season 4 is becoming much interesting and fans want to know about who is going to win the most prestigious title of Bigg Boss.
AC: With each passing day , Bigg Boss Telugu Season 4 is becoming much interesting and fans want to know about who is going to win the most prestigious title of Bigg Boss .

BC: Think about the possibilities.
AC: Think about the possibilities .

BC: The film was one of the biggest hits in his career.
AC: The film was one of the biggest hits in his career .

BC: Tribute to Lal Bahadur Shastri, former prime minister, on his death anniversary.
AC: Tribute to Lal Bahadur Shastri , former prime minister , on his death anniversary .

BC: Dhawan said Dhoni knows what potential a player holds and to what extent he should be backed while adding that the veteran glovesman knows how to make a champion out a player.
AC: Dhawan said Dhoni knows what potential a player holds and to what extent he should be backed while adding that the veteran glovesman knows how to make a champion out a player .

BC: Appellate jurisdiction of Supreme Court in appeals from High Courts in regard to civil matters.
AC: Appellate jurisdiction of Supreme Court in appeals from High Courts in regard to civil matters .

BC: District administrations have issued high alert over flooding of water bodies.
AC: District administrations have issued high alert over flooding of water bodies .

BC: Education is vital.
AC: Education is vital .

BC: The police rushed to the spot along with a forensic team and sniffer dog.
AC: The police rushed to the spot along with a forensic team and sniffer dog .

BC: Maybe a dozen people.
AC: Maybe a dozen people .

BC: I've not called.
AC: I 've not called .

BC: You have to file an application.
AC: You have to file an application .

BC: Are there any collaborations?
AC: Are there any collaborations ?

BC: The passengers have intimated the police.
AC: The passengers have intimated the police .

BC: These can be made at home.
AC: These can be made at home .

BC: Friends, the path of our fight against Corona goes a long way.
AC: Friends , the path of our fight against Corona goes a long way .

BC: 9:09 am: Narendra Modi working for a few industrialists: Rahul Gandhi
AC: 9 : 09 am : Narendra Modi working for a few industrialists : Rahul Gandhi

BC: He was criticised on the social media.
AC: He was criticised on the social media .

BC: The iRA allows the car to be connected to a smartphone via a dedicated app, providing additional location-based services, remote functions and live vehicle diagnostics. among others
AC: The iRA allows the car to be connected to a smartphone via a dedicated app , providing additional location-based services , remote functions and live vehicle diagnostics. among others

BC: The film is directed by Ponram.
AC: The film is directed by Ponram .

BC: Kolkata have won the title twice.
AC: Kolkata have won the title twice .

BC: Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum is a film directed by Krish and jointly produced by Saibabu Jagarlamudi and Rajeev Reddy of First Frame Entertainment.
AC: Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum is a film directed by Krish and jointly produced by Saibabu Jagarlamudi and Rajeev Reddy of First Frame Entertainment .

BC: The film has music by SS Thaman and has been co-produced by Dil Raju.
AC: The film has music by SS Thaman and has been co-produced by Dil Raju .

BC: The two were not alone.
AC: The two were not alone .

BC: Heavy rains have lashed the maximum city after severe waterlogging was reported from many areas in the Mumbai suburbs, disrupting traffic and causing delay in public transport.
AC: Heavy rains have lashed the maximum city after severe waterlogging was reported from many areas in the Mumbai suburbs , disrupting traffic and causing delay in public transport .

BC: How has the Maharashtra government responded?
AC: How has the Maharashtra government responded ?

BC: "You've changed""."
AC: " You 've changed " . " "

BC: Christs coming will lead to nothing less than the complete restoration of planet Earth.
AC: Christs coming will lead to nothing less than the complete restoration of planet Earth .

BC: his means you may use, copy and distribute &brandShortName. to others. You are also welcome to modify the source code of &brandShortName. as you want to meet your needs. The Mozilla Public License also gives you the right to distribute your modified versions.
AC: his means you may use , copy and distribute & brandShortName. to others . You are also welcome to modify the source code of & brandShortName. as you want to meet your needs . The Mozilla Public License also gives you the right to distribute your modified versions .

BC: Which tastes better?
AC: Which tastes better ?

BC: This movie is her Bollywood debut.
AC: This movie is her Bollywood debut .

BC: But, thats what there is to all of it.
AC: But , thats what there is to all of it .

BC: Union Minister of State (Independent Charge) Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER), MoS PMO, Personnel, Public Grievances, Pensions, Atomic Energy and Space, Dr Jitendra Singh today said that the Central Information Commission
AC: Union Minister of State ( Independent Charge ) Development of North Eastern Region ( DoNER ) , MoS PMO , Personnel , Public Grievances , Pensions , Atomic Energy and Space , Dr Jitendra Singh today said that the Central Information Commission

BC: The Governor has wished state's people happiness and prosperity on the occasion.
AC: The Governor has wished state 's people happiness and prosperity on the occasion .

BC: For so many centuries this was not the case.
AC: For so many centuries this was not the case .

BC: Is the freedom unlimited?
AC: Is the freedom unlimited ?

BC: Both died recently.
AC: Both died recently .

BC: Its working out very well.
AC: Its working out very well .

BC: Sales are increasing.
AC: Sales are increasing .

BC: As with other alkaline solutions, it feels slippery with skin contact due to the process of saponification that occurs between NaOH and natural skin oils.
AC: As with other alkaline solutions , it feels slippery with skin contact due to the process of saponification that occurs between NaOH and natural skin oils .

BC: The smart phone has multiple uses.
AC: The smart phone has multiple uses .

BC: The motorcycles arrive with WP APEX - USD 43mm forks at the front, and a WP APEX mono-shock at the rear
AC: The motorcycles arrive with WP APEX - USD 43mm forks at the front , and a WP APEX mono-shock at the rear

BC: Wheres it?
AC: Wheres it ?

BC: 45 patients have also recovered in the state.
AC: 45 patients have also recovered in the state .

BC: Students of other colleges also joined in.
AC: Students of other colleges also joined in .

BC: It has anti-inflammatory, antimicrobial and antioxidant effects.
AC: It has anti-inflammatory , antimicrobial and antioxidant effects .

BC: He, however, escaped unhurt.
AC: He , however , escaped unhurt .

BC: You have to believe.
AC: You have to believe .

BC: In the next elections, this must not happen.
AC: In the next elections , this must not happen .

BC: Ansari was born in Maharashtras Beed district.
AC: Ansari was born in Maharashtras Beed district .

BC: More than 100 people died and many were injured due to the storm and squall that hit several states in north and west India.
AC: More than 100 people died and many were injured due to the storm and squall that hit several states in north and west India .

BC: But New...
AC: But New ...

BC: Gone for 30.
AC: Gone for 30 .

BC: 6 lakh owed.
AC: 6 lakh owed .

BC: But alas!!
AC: But alas ! !

BC: she asked the BJP.
AC: she asked the BJP .

BC: You will get support from colleagues.
AC: You will get support from colleagues .

BC: """Is this democracy?,"" she asked."
AC: " " " Is this democracy ? , " " she asked . "

BC: For Bangalore, pacer Umesh Yadav sclaped three wickets while Chris Woakes, Kulwant Khejroliya and Washington Sundar took two wickets each.
AC: For Bangalore , pacer Umesh Yadav sclaped three wickets while Chris Woakes , Kulwant Khejroliya and Washington Sundar took two wickets each .

BC: So they set the people, even all the army who was on the north of the city, and their ambush on the west of the city. and Joshua went that night into the midst of the valley.
AC: So they set the people , even all the army who was on the north of the city , and their ambush on the west of the city. and Joshua went that night into the midst of the valley .

BC: We are certain we are going to meet our death.
AC: We are certain we are going to meet our death .

BC: Arunachal Pradesh on Thursday saw single day highest spike, registered 37 new Covid-19 cases, and yesterday state has recorded 20 fresh Covid-19 positive cases, taking its total number of confirmed cases to 252, of which 176 are active cases and 75 have already recovered with one casualty so far.
AC: Arunachal Pradesh on Thursday saw single day highest spike , registered 37 new Covid-19 cases , and yesterday state has recorded 20 fresh Covid-19 positive cases , taking its total number of confirmed cases to 252 , of which 176 are active cases and 75 have already recovered with one casualty so far .

BC: Why did you do this?
AC: Why did you do this ?

BC: According to the reports submitted by FADA, the dealers who are members of the entity have sold 94,000 BS4 vehicles
AC: According to the reports submitted by FADA , the dealers who are members of the entity have sold 94,000 BS4 vehicles

BC: Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan has been honoured with the Dadasaheb Phalke Award.
AC: Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan has been honoured with the Dadasaheb Phalke Award .

BC: Without the right education, development cannot take place.
AC: Without the right education , development cannot take place .

BC: The film written by Manish Kishore is to be directed by Dhiraj Kumar.
AC: The film written by Manish Kishore is to be directed by Dhiraj Kumar .

BC: When you make peace, you will gain inner peace. Matthew 5: 23, 24
AC: When you make peace , you will gain inner peace . Matthew 5 : 23 , 24

BC: That smile.
AC: That smile .

BC: One such food item is almonds.
AC: One such food item is almonds .

BC: He has no partner.
AC: He has no partner .

BC: Mount Point:
AC: Mount Point :

BC: 5 from it.
AC: 5 from it .

BC: school and colleges.
AC: school and colleges .

BC: How did he accomplish it successfully?
AC: How did he accomplish it successfully ?

BC: This affects our national security, Sharma said.
AC: This affects our national security , Sharma said .

BC: Four of the accused have been identified.
AC: Four of the accused have been identified .

BC: Pakistan were bowled out for 266, while chasing a target of 308.
AC: Pakistan were bowled out for 266 , while chasing a target of 308 .

BC: Maharshi, which has been jointly produced by Dil Raju, Ashwini Dutt and PVP Cinema, has music by Devi Sri Prasad.
AC: Maharshi , which has been jointly produced by Dil Raju , Ashwini Dutt and PVP Cinema , has music by Devi Sri Prasad .

BC: Even children are brutalised.
AC: Even children are brutalised .

BC: But no avail.
AC: But no avail .

BC: The directives of Directorate General of Health Services (DGHS), Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Medical Council of India (MC) and Dental Council of India (DCI) will be used to prepare the merit list.
AC: The directives of Directorate General of Health Services ( DGHS ) , Ministry of Health and Family Welfare , Medical Council of India ( MC ) and Dental Council of India ( DCI ) will be used to prepare the merit list .

BC: No, Sir.
AC: No , Sir .

BC: Bollywood superstar Salman Khan used to share moments of his life on his social media pages.
AC: Bollywood superstar Salman Khan used to share moments of his life on his social media pages .

BC: How did Barzillai manifest modesty?
AC: How did Barzillai manifest modesty ?

BC: US natural gas company Tellurian Inc. and Petronet LNG Limited (PLL) of India have signed an MoU.
AC: US natural gas company Tellurian Inc. and Petronet LNG Limited ( PLL ) of India have signed an MoU .

BC: The horrific incident took place in a village near Ahmedabad in Gujarat.
AC: The horrific incident took place in a village near Ahmedabad in Gujarat .

BC: Others also criticise.
AC: Others also criticise .

BC: I really dont know how he did it.
AC: I really dont know how he did it .

BC: Nirav Modi has been accused, along with his Choksi, of defrauding the Punjab National Bank of Rs.
AC: Nirav Modi has been accused , along with his Choksi , of defrauding the Punjab National Bank of Rs.

BC: The cost of this painting is Rs one lakh.
AC: The cost of this painting is Rs one lakh .

BC: How did you get into films?
AC: How did you get into films ?

BC: But spacecraft measurements revealed a different story.
AC: But spacecraft measurements revealed a different story .

BC: But that might be a good thing.
AC: But that might be a good thing .

BC: But I was missing home.
AC: But I was missing home .

BC: Just as all the Satras in Assam are institutions not only of religious importance but also as cultural centres, the Shamaguri Satra is the place where craftsmanship is highly regarded and also taught
AC: Just as all the Satras in Assam are institutions not only of religious importance but also as cultural centres , the Shamaguri Satra is the place where craftsmanship is highly regarded and also taught

BC: 265 crore.
AC: 265 crore .

BC: Hotels, restaurants and salons shut.
AC: Hotels , restaurants and salons shut .

BC: Now it is time our partnership plays an important role in helping the world bounce back faster after the pandemic.
AC: Now it is time our partnership plays an important role in helping the world bounce back faster after the pandemic .

BC: 8th Meeting of the BRICS Ministers of Agriculture and Agrarian Development 19 to 22 June (Mpumalanga)
AC: 8th Meeting of the BRICS Ministers of Agriculture and Agrarian Development 19 to 22 June ( Mpumalanga )

BC: There were serious injuries on his face.
AC: There were serious injuries on his face .

BC: Human beings are not made that way.
AC: Human beings are not made that way .

BC: There was another consequence.
AC: There was another consequence .

BC: Who is speaking?
AC: Who is speaking ?

BC: Some 250 Australian, Scottish, and Italian stonemasons and their families relocated to a temporary settlement at Moruya, NSW, 300 km (186 mi) south of Sydney, where they quarried around 18,000 m3 (635,664 cu ft) of granite for the bridge pylons.
AC: Some 250 Australian , Scottish , and Italian stonemasons and their families relocated to a temporary settlement at Moruya , NSW , 300 km ( 186 mi ) south of Sydney , where they quarried around 18,000 m3 ( 635,664 cu ft ) of granite for the bridge pylons .

BC: You will complete your work with full diligence.
AC: You will complete your work with full diligence .

BC: This can lead to acne and other problems.
AC: This can lead to acne and other problems .

BC: It is almost fully fenced (only 950 metres are pending).
AC: It is almost fully fenced ( only 950 metres are pending ) .

BC: PGS Green is given to chemical free produce under transition to organic which takes 3 years.
AC: PGS Green is given to chemical free produce under transition to organic which takes 3 years .

BC: We were studying there.
AC: We were studying there .

BC: The police registered a case under section 279 and 304-A of the IPC and arrested Mohinder Singh, the driver of the tipper, and impounded the vehicle.
AC: The police registered a case under section 279 and 304-A of the IPC and arrested Mohinder Singh , the driver of the tipper , and impounded the vehicle .

BC: Are you a rooster?
AC: Are you a rooster ?

BC: They will receive us into these places, granting us eternal life either in heaven or in Paradise on earth.
AC: They will receive us into these places , granting us eternal life either in heaven or in Paradise on earth .

BC: 11 persons injured.
AC: 11 persons injured .

BC: This is the situation.
AC: This is the situation .

BC: Other options for launching TRS included the Titan III and Atlas-Agena.
AC: Other options for launching TRS included the Titan III and Atlas-Agena .

BC: How can you get insured?
AC: How can you get insured ?

BC: Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) chief Mayawati will hold a meeting with the partys newly elected Lok Sabha members, office bearers and senior leaders in New Delhi to review the partys performance in the general election, a party leader said.
AC: Bahujan Samaj Party ( BSP ) chief Mayawati will hold a meeting with the partys newly elected Lok Sabha members , office bearers and senior leaders in New Delhi to review the partys performance in the general election , a party leader said .

BC: Even though you know that people are in need of food and you have excess stock, you are not delivering, he said.
AC: Even though you know that people are in need of food and you have excess stock , you are not delivering , he said .

BC: The government should consider the matter from both points of view.
AC: The government should consider the matter from both points of view .

BC: In the citadel of Susa, the Jews killed and destroyed five hundred men.
AC: In the citadel of Susa , the Jews killed and destroyed five hundred men .

BC: What does the treatment constitute?
AC: What does the treatment constitute ?

BC: Ive never been to school in my life.
AC: Ive never been to school in my life .

BC: But who plans it all?
AC: But who plans it all ?

BC: Something that I will never forget.
AC: Something that I will never forget .

BC: 3 lakh crores.
AC: 3 lakh crores .

BC: Modi was visibly emotional as the woman repeated her remark.
AC: Modi was visibly emotional as the woman repeated her remark .

BC: TRS women leaders including Minister Satyavathi Rathod, MP Kavitha Maloth, MLA Sunitha Reddy, ZP chairman Gandra Jyothi and TRS leader Gundu Sudharani among others also tied Rakhi to KTR.
AC: TRS women leaders including Minister Satyavathi Rathod , MP Kavitha Maloth , MLA Sunitha Reddy , ZP chairman Gandra Jyothi and TRS leader Gundu Sudharani among others also tied Rakhi to KTR .

BC: The BJP has formed government in Karnataka.
AC: The BJP has formed government in Karnataka .

BC: Of the children of the priests: the children of Habaiah, the children of Hakkoz, the children of Barzillai, who took a wife of the daughters of Barzillai the Gileadite, and was called after their name.
AC: Of the children of the priests : the children of Habaiah , the children of Hakkoz , the children of Barzillai , who took a wife of the daughters of Barzillai the Gileadite , and was called after their name .

BC: That is a plus point.
AC: That is a plus point .

BC: The policy insures the film against unforeseen incidents like death, illness of an actor or occurrence of natural calamities or accidental damage leading to delays in the film schedule.
AC: The policy insures the film against unforeseen incidents like death , illness of an actor or occurrence of natural calamities or accidental damage leading to delays in the film schedule .

BC: It wasnt always easy!
AC: It wasnt always easy !

BC: The film will be remade in Hindi.
AC: The film will be remade in Hindi .

BC: There is no truth to it.
AC: There is no truth to it .

BC: He further said that this Hospital will be turned into a Model Hospital in future.
AC: He further said that this Hospital will be turned into a Model Hospital in future .

BC: Protests rage across town.
AC: Protests rage across town .

BC: Prices vary according to the size of the screen.
AC: Prices vary according to the size of the screen .

BC: It was hot and humid, and a jumble of new sights, sounds, and aromas assaulted our senses.
AC: It was hot and humid , and a jumble of new sights , sounds , and aromas assaulted our senses .

BC: He took it.
AC: He took it .

BC: Police have started an investigation into the violence.
AC: Police have started an investigation into the violence .

BC: The new 125 cc scooter from Hero MotoCorp will get four colour options -- Matt Techno Blue, Matt Red, Matt Brown and Matt Vernier Grey.
AC: The new 125 cc scooter from Hero MotoCorp will get four colour options -- Matt Techno Blue , Matt Red , Matt Brown and Matt Vernier Grey .

BC: But, this caused the problem.
AC: But , this caused the problem .

BC: """I like doing yoga."
AC: " " " I like doing yoga . "

BC: You will remain extremely busy during this week.
AC: You will remain extremely busy during this week .

BC: That is best for children.
AC: That is best for children .

BC: UPSC Recruitment 2020: Vacancy details
AC: UPSC Recruitment 2020 : Vacancy details

BC: That son had a son.
AC: That son had a son .

BC: A truck had overturned and crushed two cars.
AC: A truck had overturned and crushed two cars .

BC: He expressed the hope that Telangana would develop in all fields under the leadership of KCR.
AC: He expressed the hope that Telangana would develop in all fields under the leadership of KCR .

BC: Annapurna International School for Film and Media announced the Annapurna scholarship of Rs 100,000/- to the most deserving applicant of Masters program in film and media at AISFM
AC: Annapurna International School for Film and Media announced the Annapurna scholarship of Rs 100,000 / - to the most deserving applicant of Masters program in film and media at AISFM

BC: We have seen the limits of power.
AC: We have seen the limits of power .

BC: She sustained a head injury in the attack.
AC: She sustained a head injury in the attack .

BC: The Philippines, Vanuatu, Samoa, and several other tropical island countries use coconut oil as an alternative fuel source to run automobiles, trucks, and buses, and to power generators.
AC: The Philippines , Vanuatu , Samoa , and several other tropical island countries use coconut oil as an alternative fuel source to run automobiles , trucks , and buses , and to power generators .

BC: Before leaving.
AC: Before leaving .

BC: Cash: Rs.25 lakhs
AC: Cash : Rs.25 lakhs

BC: The pre-release event of the film was held in Hyderabad.
AC: The pre-release event of the film was held in Hyderabad .

BC: This is the question.
AC: This is the question .

BC: As long as we are imperfect, there will be misunderstandings and hurt feelings.
AC: As long as we are imperfect , there will be misunderstandings and hurt feelings .

BC: Where will the capital be built?
AC: Where will the capital be built ?

BC: The parents of the students are objecting to the rule.
AC: The parents of the students are objecting to the rule .

BC: Music is being scored by the trio Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy.
AC: Music is being scored by the trio Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy .

BC: 6,500 crore.
AC: 6,500 crore .

BC: Why is he being so adamant?
AC: Why is he being so adamant ?

BC: What is Pawan planning?
AC: What is Pawan planning ?

BC: "That way, everybody remains happy."""
AC: " That way , everybody remains happy . " " "

BC: 30 lakh ex-showroom (Delhi)
AC: 30 lakh ex-showroom ( Delhi )

BC: Director: C Prem Kumar
AC: Director : C Prem Kumar

BC: Subsequently, the police registered a case and started investigations.
AC: Subsequently , the police registered a case and started investigations .

BC: Head tilted.
AC: Head tilted .

BC: These have both been outstanding successes.
AC: These have both been outstanding successes .

BC: You cant not do so?
AC: You cant not do so ?

BC: A total of 51 such cases were registered in the state.
AC: A total of 51 such cases were registered in the state .

BC: The film was also released in Telugu as Whistle.
AC: The film was also released in Telugu as Whistle .

BC: The ritual abhishekam is done at 6 am, 10.30 am and 5.30 pm daily
AC: The ritual abhishekam is done at 6 am , 10.30 am and 5.30 pm daily

BC: 16 onward.
AC: 16 onward .

BC: This is a strange place.
AC: This is a strange place .

BC: The grand event was attended by big talents of Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Kannada cinema.
AC: The grand event was attended by big talents of Tamil , Telugu , Malayalam and Kannada cinema .

BC: The public water supply system is not only for supplying adequate quantity of good quality of water, whatever is the water supply, okay, naturally the wastewater will be generated.
AC: The public water supply system is not only for supplying adequate quantity of good quality of water , whatever is the water supply , okay , naturally the wastewater will be generated .

BC: They said that they would take the issue to the notice of the government.
AC: They said that they would take the issue to the notice of the government .

BC: Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi is reading out the verdict.
AC: Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi is reading out the verdict .

BC: When she offered me the Creation book * and a Bible study, I accepted.
AC: When she offered me the Creation book * and a Bible study , I accepted .

BC: She is from Mumbai.
AC: She is from Mumbai .

BC: New Delhi: The central government is expected to announce another stimulus package for the economy.
AC: New Delhi : The central government is expected to announce another stimulus package for the economy .

BC: India World Cup schedule:
AC: India World Cup schedule :

BC: Vijay Devarakonda is the happening hero in the Tollywood film industry.
AC: Vijay Devarakonda is the happening hero in the Tollywood film industry .

BC: India scored 142 runs at the loss of six wickets.
AC: India scored 142 runs at the loss of six wickets .

BC: Steve Smith celebrating his century in the first innings.
AC: Steve Smith celebrating his century in the first innings .

BC: None can deny that.
AC: None can deny that .

BC: However, no positive coronavirus case has been reported in Bengaluru thus far, Kumar said.
AC: However , no positive coronavirus case has been reported in Bengaluru thus far , Kumar said .

BC: It is priced at Rs 9,999.
AC: It is priced at Rs 9,999 .

BC: This happens in a number of cases.
AC: This happens in a number of cases .

BC: Not even in jail.
AC: Not even in jail .

BC: Read more about this.
AC: Read more about this .

BC: He is trying to woo leaders of other parties into the BJP fold.
AC: He is trying to woo leaders of other parties into the BJP fold .

BC: However, Facebook has denied the findings.
AC: However , Facebook has denied the findings .

BC: And there they burnt incense in all the high places, as did the heathen whom the LORD carried away before them. and wrought wicked things to provoke the LORD to anger:
AC: And there they burnt incense in all the high places , as did the heathen whom the LORD carried away before them. and wrought wicked things to provoke the LORD to anger :

BC: "Under the doctrine of state atheism in the Soviet Union, there was a ""government-sponsored program of forced conversion to atheism"" conducted by Communists."
AC: " Under the doctrine of state atheism in the Soviet Union , there was a " " government-sponsored program of forced conversion to atheism " " conducted by Communists . "

BC: Nothing can be said about him.
AC: Nothing can be said about him .

BC: Another former pacer Venkatesh Prasad who has served as the bowling coach for the Indian team in the past has also applied for the job.
AC: Another former pacer Venkatesh Prasad who has served as the bowling coach for the Indian team in the past has also applied for the job .

BC: A total of 12 districts in the state were affected by the cyclone.
AC: A total of 12 districts in the state were affected by the cyclone .

BC: I don't know what had happened but something definitely had gone amiss.
AC: I don 't know what had happened but something definitely had gone amiss .

BC: You saw until a stone was cut out without hands, which struck the image on its feet that were of iron and clay, and broke them in pieces.
AC: You saw until a stone was cut out without hands , which struck the image on its feet that were of iron and clay , and broke them in pieces .

BC: The police had approached the two neighbours.
AC: The police had approached the two neighbours .

BC: I want to do more films.
AC: I want to do more films .

BC: The banned items include plastic bags, cups, plates, small bottles, straws and certain types of sachets.
AC: The banned items include plastic bags , cups , plates , small bottles , straws and certain types of sachets .

BC: I will declare the decree: the LORD hath said unto me, Thou art my Son. this day have I begotten thee.
AC: I will declare the decree : the LORD hath said unto me , Thou art my Son. this day have I begotten thee .

BC: For strengthening the existing measures being taken for the welfare of the migrants and poor, the States/UTs will be given a lumpsum assistance of totalRs.1000 Crore from PM CARES Fund
AC: For strengthening the existing measures being taken for the welfare of the migrants and poor , the States / UTs will be given a lumpsum assistance of totalRs.1000 Crore from PM CARES Fund

BC: He is drunk.
AC: He is drunk .

BC: I started to feel light - headed and was having trouble breathing.
AC: I started to feel light - headed and was having trouble breathing .

BC: We will fully cooperate with police in the investigation, he added.
AC: We will fully cooperate with police in the investigation , he added .

BC: Mobile phones will be available at a discount of up to 40 per cent.
AC: Mobile phones will be available at a discount of up to 40 per cent .

BC: The event is organised by the ruling CPI(M), along with over 176 other socio-political organisations, including the CPI, Sree Narayana Dharma Paripalana Yogam (SNDP) and Kerala Pulayar Maha Sabha (KPMS).
AC: The event is organised by the ruling CPI ( M ) , along with over 176 other socio-political organisations , including the CPI , Sree Narayana Dharma Paripalana Yogam ( SNDP ) and Kerala Pulayar Maha Sabha ( KPMS ) .

BC: Sometimes I also write poems.
AC: Sometimes I also write poems .

BC: Filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma has released the trailer of 'Lakshmi's NTR', a film on the life of actor-turned-politician N.T.
AC: Filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma has released the trailer of ' Lakshmi 's NTR ' , a film on the life of actor-turned-politician N.T.

BC: Vehicles were parked on the streets.
AC: Vehicles were parked on the streets .

BC: The COVID-19 case fatality rate has declined to 1.84%
AC: The COVID-19 case fatality rate has declined to 1.84 %

BC: 49 crore there.
AC: 49 crore there .

BC: Actually it is not all that difficult.
AC: Actually it is not all that difficult .

BC: Launch of the scheme:
AC: Launch of the scheme :

BC: Easy targets.
AC: Easy targets .

BC: Set a goal in life.
AC: Set a goal in life .

BC: Ravi Krishna (Actor)
AC: Ravi Krishna ( Actor )

BC: The Opposition DMK and Congress have decided to vote against the government.
AC: The Opposition DMK and Congress have decided to vote against the government .

BC: Bollywood actor Salman Khan.
AC: Bollywood actor Salman Khan .

BC: Walnuts are rich in Omega 3 fatty acids.
AC: Walnuts are rich in Omega 3 fatty acids .

BC: No one has taken responsibility for the attack yet.
AC: No one has taken responsibility for the attack yet .

BC: He has averaged around 300 lectures per year.
AC: He has averaged around 300 lectures per year .

BC: We have seen Mahesh, Charan and NTR hanging out together on several occasions.
AC: We have seen Mahesh , Charan and NTR hanging out together on several occasions .

BC: They have been choppy since.
AC: They have been choppy since .

BC: That is what he had said.
AC: That is what he had said .

BC: We're delighted to be bringing our unique music education offer to Manchester from 2013.
AC: We 're delighted to be bringing our unique music education offer to Manchester from 2013 .

BC: No jokes.
AC: No jokes .

BC: The movie is technically brilliant.
AC: The movie is technically brilliant .

BC: What a powerful testimony to Christs kingship! Psalm 110: 3.
AC: What a powerful testimony to Christs kingship ! Psalm 110 : 3 .

BC: Maharashtra is the worst hit, recording 49,447 new cases of the infection on Saturday
AC: Maharashtra is the worst hit , recording 49,447 new cases of the infection on Saturday

BC: Balakrishna reached Bangalore this morning and went to Hindupur by road.
AC: Balakrishna reached Bangalore this morning and went to Hindupur by road .

BC: That is slowly changing.
AC: That is slowly changing .

BC: Environmentalists say fracking poses health risks.
AC: Environmentalists say fracking poses health risks .

BC: said in another tweet.
AC: said in another tweet .

BC: Sri Lanka: Fernando, Gunathilaka, Kusal Perera, Oshada, Rajapaksa, Dhananjaya, Shanaka, Udana, Hasaranga, Kumara and Malinga
AC: Sri Lanka : Fernando , Gunathilaka , Kusal Perera , Oshada , Rajapaksa , Dhananjaya , Shanaka , Udana , Hasaranga , Kumara and Malinga

BC: Nalini is the longest serving woman convict in the country.
AC: Nalini is the longest serving woman convict in the country .

BC: The Supreme Court has set the final hearing on the case for February 8, 2018
AC: The Supreme Court has set the final hearing on the case for February 8 , 2018

BC: "He said, ""See now, I have taken it on myself to speak to the Lord. What if there are twenty found there?"" He said, ""I will not destroy it for the twenty's sake."""
AC: " He said , " " See now , I have taken it on myself to speak to the Lord . What if there are twenty found there ? " " He said , " " I will not destroy it for the twenty 's sake . " " "

BC: The Finance Minister said that Government has taken up programmes to direct the benefits of structural changes and good growth to reach farmers, poor and other vulnerable sections of our society and to uplift the under-developed regions.
AC: The Finance Minister said that Government has taken up programmes to direct the benefits of structural changes and good growth to reach farmers , poor and other vulnerable sections of our society and to uplift the under-developed regions .

BC: The documents were submitted before a bench of Justices R Banumathi and AS Bopanna by Solicitor General Tushar Mehta.
AC: The documents were submitted before a bench of Justices R Banumathi and AS Bopanna by Solicitor General Tushar Mehta .

BC: A few did.
AC: A few did .

BC: She was appointed party's General Secretary for Eastern Uttar Pradesh.
AC: She was appointed party 's General Secretary for Eastern Uttar Pradesh .

BC: Sita Temple, though named after Ramas consort Sita, unfortunately does not contain her statue
AC: Sita Temple , though named after Ramas consort Sita , unfortunately does not contain her statue

BC: the fatalities owing to road accidents are large.
AC: the fatalities owing to road accidents are large .

BC: Very good knowledge of English and/or German.
AC: Very good knowledge of English and / or German .

BC: Which book do you wish you had written?
AC: Which book do you wish you had written ?

BC: Mayank Agarwal scored a double ton.
AC: Mayank Agarwal scored a double ton .

BC: The reasons for this problem are:
AC: The reasons for this problem are :

BC: The court has cautioned Rahul Gandhi to be more cautious in the future.
AC: The court has cautioned Rahul Gandhi to be more cautious in the future .

BC: Take some mango leaves and soak them in water.
AC: Take some mango leaves and soak them in water .

BC: The police has already registered a case against them.
AC: The police has already registered a case against them .

BC: Amazon India is also offering no cost EMI options on the smartphones.
AC: Amazon India is also offering no cost EMI options on the smartphones .

BC: NEW DELHI: Indias coronavirus infection rate has been growing every day.
AC: NEW DELHI : Indias coronavirus infection rate has been growing every day .

BC: Heres another thing.
AC: Heres another thing .

BC: This powerful and adventurous X machine is the ideal companion for those who are on a mission to push the limits.
AC: This powerful and adventurous X machine is the ideal companion for those who are on a mission to push the limits .

BC: Applying the Lesson Today 17, 18. (a) Why might friction develop between Christians?
AC: Applying the Lesson Today 17 , 18 . ( a ) Why might friction develop between Christians ?

BC: In the last five days, on an average, 15,747 samples were tested per day and 584 of those were found to be positive per day, an Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) official said at the press briefing
AC: In the last five days , on an average , 15,747 samples were tested per day and 584 of those were found to be positive per day , an Indian Council of Medical Research ( ICMR ) official said at the press briefing

BC: The father of the girl lodged a complaint with the police.
AC: The father of the girl lodged a complaint with the police .

BC: The gold was seized from Hyderabad and Mumbai airports.
AC: The gold was seized from Hyderabad and Mumbai airports .

BC: He had a wife and four sons.
AC: He had a wife and four sons .

BC: I dont like to compromise on anything.
AC: I dont like to compromise on anything .

BC: Rs 210 crore.
AC: Rs 210 crore .

BC: More than 50 persons had injured in the incident.
AC: More than 50 persons had injured in the incident .

BC: Everyone has dreams.
AC: Everyone has dreams .

BC: Were good.
AC: Were good .

BC: """Oh,you remember that!"
AC: " " " Oh , you remember that ! "

BC: I am working hard.
AC: I am working hard .

BC: India is a religious country.
AC: India is a religious country .

BC: A Hindi remake of Telugu hit Arjun Reddy, Kabir Singh is also helmed by Sandeep Reddy Vanga.
AC: A Hindi remake of Telugu hit Arjun Reddy , Kabir Singh is also helmed by Sandeep Reddy Vanga .

BC: He will accompanied by Home Secretary Rajiv Gauba, CRPF Director General RR Bhatnagar, Intelligence Bureau Additional Director Arvind Kumar and other senior officials, ANI reported.
AC: He will accompanied by Home Secretary Rajiv Gauba , CRPF Director General RR Bhatnagar , Intelligence Bureau Additional Director Arvind Kumar and other senior officials , ANI reported .

BC: This app is still available on in the iOS App Store for free.
AC: This app is still available on in the iOS App Store for free .

BC: But this isnt an ordinary meadow.
AC: But this isnt an ordinary meadow .

BC: Most Somali songs are pentatonic.
AC: Most Somali songs are pentatonic .

BC: Feel happy about it.
AC: Feel happy about it .

BC: We dont know anyone.
AC: We dont know anyone .

BC: Nobody was opposing.
AC: Nobody was opposing .

BC: Shami and R Jadeja shared two-wickets each.
AC: Shami and R Jadeja shared two-wickets each .

BC: How many days is it?
AC: How many days is it ?

BC: Aditi Rao Hydari and Sudheer Babu starrer Sammohanam is directed by Mohanakrishna Indraganti.
AC: Aditi Rao Hydari and Sudheer Babu starrer Sammohanam is directed by Mohanakrishna Indraganti .

BC: Many factors influence the taste.
AC: Many factors influence the taste .

BC: Lets examine this problem more closely.
AC: Lets examine this problem more closely .

BC: Along with fans, Mahesh Babu has pinned huge hopes on 'Maharshi'.
AC: Along with fans , Mahesh Babu has pinned huge hopes on ' Maharshi ' .

BC: Agriculture Minister Narendra Singh Tomar said the Centre is looking forward to positive discussions with the farmers.
AC: Agriculture Minister Narendra Singh Tomar said the Centre is looking forward to positive discussions with the farmers .

BC: Rohit Sharma and MS Dhoni also join the list.
AC: Rohit Sharma and MS Dhoni also join the list .

BC: It could be me.
AC: It could be me .

BC: Other Features include:
AC: Other Features include :

BC: It was not just the fans.
AC: It was not just the fans .

BC: However, no positive coronavirus case has been reported from Karnataka yet.
AC: However , no positive coronavirus case has been reported from Karnataka yet .

BC: There were 4 ATM cards and some pictures of Shiv Ji and Sai Baba.
AC: There were 4 ATM cards and some pictures of Shiv Ji and Sai Baba .

BC: PM Modi calls for 'harmonious partnership' between India and China
AC: PM Modi calls for ' harmonious partnership ' between India and China

BC: Sindhu, who had won the China Open recently, thus entered her second straight Super Series final.
AC: Sindhu , who had won the China Open recently , thus entered her second straight Super Series final .

BC: How, then, are we to understand Pauls words: God... will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear ?
AC: How , then , are we to understand Pauls words : God ... will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear ?

BC: The film is going to be released.
AC: The film is going to be released .

BC: Mumbai: Former Indian batsman, Gautam Gambhir, has often been involved in verbal spats with former Pakistani cricketer Shahid Afridi on the field.
AC: Mumbai : Former Indian batsman , Gautam Gambhir , has often been involved in verbal spats with former Pakistani cricketer Shahid Afridi on the field .

BC: He also said that stringent action will be taken against those violating the order.
AC: He also said that stringent action will be taken against those violating the order .

BC: Did she ever exist?
AC: Did she ever exist ?

BC: We can come out of the financial crisis.
AC: We can come out of the financial crisis .

BC: The happy God knows what we need for our individual happiness.
AC: The happy God knows what we need for our individual happiness .

BC: This allowed the evolution of a number of flightless birds and large reptile species.
AC: This allowed the evolution of a number of flightless birds and large reptile species .

BC: You get to learn from every match and every series.
AC: You get to learn from every match and every series .

BC: Do you often suffer from constipation?
AC: Do you often suffer from constipation ?

BC: It makes hair grow faster.
AC: It makes hair grow faster .

BC: India had lost to New Zealand in the semifinals of the tournament.
AC: India had lost to New Zealand in the semifinals of the tournament .

BC: Massive celebrations took place across the country.
AC: Massive celebrations took place across the country .

BC: My father is not dead.
AC: My father is not dead .

BC: The girl was then sent to the hospital.
AC: The girl was then sent to the hospital .

BC: No poem took me more than five minutes to write down.
AC: No poem took me more than five minutes to write down .

BC: Kiss' first album of new material in two years, Dynasty (May 22, 1979), continued its platinum streak.
AC: Kiss ' first album of new material in two years , Dynasty ( May 22 , 1979 ) , continued its platinum streak .

BC: The liberalization time frame began after 1992.
AC: The liberalization time frame began after 1992 .

BC: Another week passed.
AC: Another week passed .

BC: Programs include credit programs to help adults complete their secondary school diploma, adult ESL programs to help adults develop and refine their English language skills, and literacy and basic skills courses to help adults upgrade specific skills.
AC: Programs include credit programs to help adults complete their secondary school diploma , adult ESL programs to help adults develop and refine their English language skills , and literacy and basic skills courses to help adults upgrade specific skills .

BC: Even Marx said so.
AC: Even Marx said so .

BC: Why use this product at all?
AC: Why use this product at all ?

BC: Vegetables are rich in vitamins and minerals.
AC: Vegetables are rich in vitamins and minerals .

BC: "Tell me that."""
AC: " Tell me that . " " "

BC: Earlier this was not the situation.
AC: Earlier this was not the situation .

BC: Great hailstones, about the weight of a talent, came down out of the sky on people. People blasphemed God because of the plague of the hail, for this plague is exceedingly severe.
AC: Great hailstones , about the weight of a talent , came down out of the sky on people . People blasphemed God because of the plague of the hail , for this plague is exceedingly severe .

BC: The project is expected to cost Rs 300-400 crore.
AC: The project is expected to cost Rs 300-400 crore .

BC: He is a Brahman.
AC: He is a Brahman .

BC: Do sheep really know the voice of their shepherd?
AC: Do sheep really know the voice of their shepherd ?

BC: Yes, its true!
AC: Yes , its true !

BC: The father lodged a complaint with the police.
AC: The father lodged a complaint with the police .

BC: It's gonna hurt us big time.
AC: It 's gonna hurt us big time .

BC: I can read.
AC: I can read .

BC: They have been BJPs hardcore supporters.
AC: They have been BJPs hardcore supporters .

BC: He later joined the BJP.
AC: He later joined the BJP .

BC: Daniel spoke and said, I saw in my vision by night, and, behold, the four winds of the sky broke forth on the great sea.
AC: Daniel spoke and said , I saw in my vision by night , and , behold , the four winds of the sky broke forth on the great sea .

BC: And few people noticed that Jews died of the plague just like everyone else!
AC: And few people noticed that Jews died of the plague just like everyone else !

BC: As part of the celebrations, cultural programmes were organised.
AC: As part of the celebrations , cultural programmes were organised .

BC: Muktabai Temple is situated on the bank of Meena river.
AC: Muktabai Temple is situated on the bank of Meena river .

BC: Spinners Kuldeep Yadav and Yuzvendra Chahal bowled well.
AC: Spinners Kuldeep Yadav and Yuzvendra Chahal bowled well .

BC: This situation did not last long.
AC: This situation did not last long .

BC: Soil should remain moist.
AC: Soil should remain moist .

BC: A date and a time were set.
AC: A date and a time were set .

BC: The film became a landmark in the history of Indian Cinema.
AC: The film became a landmark in the history of Indian Cinema .

BC: It is co-designed by the Mahindra Design Studio and Italian design house Pininfarina.
AC: It is co-designed by the Mahindra Design Studio and Italian design house Pininfarina .

BC: It will also bring out the V12, which was discontinued from the market last year
AC: It will also bring out the V12 , which was discontinued from the market last year

BC: Stating that the building of the Ram Temple in Ayodhya has been a symbol of faith for Hindus around the world for centuries, Shri Amit Shah said I express my gratitude to Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi ji and Shree Ram Janmabhumi Teerth Kshetra for respecting the faith of billions of people by the performing Bhoomi Pujan of Ram temple.
AC: Stating that the building of the Ram Temple in Ayodhya has been a symbol of faith for Hindus around the world for centuries , Shri Amit Shah said I express my gratitude to Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi ji and Shree Ram Janmabhumi Teerth Kshetra for respecting the faith of billions of people by the performing Bhoomi Pujan of Ram temple .

BC: Behold, there was a man in Jerusalem whose name was Simeon. This man was righteous and devout, looking for the consolation of Israel, and the Holy Spirit was on him.
AC: Behold , there was a man in Jerusalem whose name was Simeon . This man was righteous and devout , looking for the consolation of Israel , and the Holy Spirit was on him .

BC: Rajnikanth, the cynosure of the crowd asked Chennai Super King players to wear black bands when they play their matches in the IPl to show their protest.
AC: Rajnikanth , the cynosure of the crowd asked Chennai Super King players to wear black bands when they play their matches in the IPl to show their protest .

BC: Sprawling over a distance of 13km, Marina Beach is the longest natural city beach in India and the second longest in the world after Miami.
AC: Sprawling over a distance of 13km , Marina Beach is the longest natural city beach in India and the second longest in the world after Miami .

BC: These two colours are invisible.
AC: These two colours are invisible .

BC: It must clear the air.
AC: It must clear the air .

BC: The BJP is short by 8 seats.
AC: The BJP is short by 8 seats .

BC: And many that believed came, and confessed, and shewed their deeds.
AC: And many that believed came , and confessed , and shewed their deeds .

BC: Rohit Sharma was great in his first Test as opener.
AC: Rohit Sharma was great in his first Test as opener .

BC: Indian Army is our pride.
AC: Indian Army is our pride .

BC: Its showing the way where we want to go.
AC: Its showing the way where we want to go .

BC: Its length is about 8 km (5 mi).
AC: Its length is about 8 km ( 5 mi ) .

BC: Prior to that date Lucknow had been the headquarters of the Eastern Command.
AC: Prior to that date Lucknow had been the headquarters of the Eastern Command .

BC: In this context, the Rs.
AC: In this context , the Rs.

BC: Starting with..
AC: Starting with ..

BC: the entire body.
AC: the entire body .

BC: For example, after he was judged by Jehovah for killing his brother Abel, Cain said: My punishment for error is too great to carry.
AC: For example , after he was judged by Jehovah for killing his brother Abel , Cain said : My punishment for error is too great to carry .

BC: But English does not.
AC: But English does not .

BC: But there is none.
AC: But there is none .

BC: It has anti-inflammatory, antimicrobial and antioxidant effects.
AC: It has anti-inflammatory , antimicrobial and antioxidant effects .

BC: The likes of Virat Kohli, Steve Smith, Kane Williamson among others all reached the pinnacle beginning from this prestigious tournament.
AC: The likes of Virat Kohli , Steve Smith , Kane Williamson among others all reached the pinnacle beginning from this prestigious tournament .

BC: Sunrisers Hyderabad won their second straight game of IPL 2019, defeating a struggling Royal Challengers Bangalore by 118 runs.
AC: Sunrisers Hyderabad won their second straight game of IPL 2019 , defeating a struggling Royal Challengers Bangalore by 118 runs .

BC: Can they sustain?
AC: Can they sustain ?

BC: Everything is Modi-centric.
AC: Everything is Modi-centric .

BC: who did it?
AC: who did it ?

BC: They stoop, they bow down together. they could not deliver the burden, but themselves have gone into captivity.
AC: They stoop , they bow down together. they could not deliver the burden , but themselves have gone into captivity .

BC: Can you do it too?
AC: Can you do it too ?

BC: Are such prophecies really being fulfilled today?
AC: Are such prophecies really being fulfilled today ?

BC: They have seized the car.
AC: They have seized the car .

BC: Elections were held for 652 urban local bodies, which include 16 municipal corporations (nagar parishads), 198 municipal councils (nagar palikas) and 438 municipal panchayats (nagar panchayats).
AC: Elections were held for 652 urban local bodies , which include 16 municipal corporations ( nagar parishads ) , 198 municipal councils ( nagar palikas ) and 438 municipal panchayats ( nagar panchayats ) .

BC: Actor Shabana Azmi injured in car accident on Mumbai-Pune Expressway: Her husband Javed Akhtar was reportedly travelling in another car.
AC: Actor Shabana Azmi injured in car accident on Mumbai-Pune Expressway : Her husband Javed Akhtar was reportedly travelling in another car .

BC: It is good in some ways.
AC: It is good in some ways .

BC: You dont have to be super flexible either.
AC: You dont have to be super flexible either .

BC: It takes two hands to clap!
AC: It takes two hands to clap !

BC: Last month, the World Health Organization (WHO) declared it a public health emergency.
AC: Last month , the World Health Organization ( WHO ) declared it a public health emergency .

BC: The main fight in Bengal is between the Trinamool Congress and BJP.
AC: The main fight in Bengal is between the Trinamool Congress and BJP .

BC: It's a free course.
AC: It 's a free course .

BC: The Finance Minister was accompanied by Principal Advisor to Andhra Pradesh government Ajeya Kallam, Special Chief Secretary (Water Resources) Adityanath Das and Principal Secretary (Finance) SS Rawat.
AC: The Finance Minister was accompanied by Principal Advisor to Andhra Pradesh government Ajeya Kallam , Special Chief Secretary ( Water Resources ) Adityanath Das and Principal Secretary ( Finance ) SS Rawat .

BC: He told the truth.
AC: He told the truth .

BC: Rajagopal Reddy who was elected from the Munugodu Assembly constituency on a Congress ticket also resigned.
AC: Rajagopal Reddy who was elected from the Munugodu Assembly constituency on a Congress ticket also resigned .

BC: Im pretty hopeful.
AC: Im pretty hopeful .

BC: Why was he like that?
AC: Why was he like that ?

BC: Hot with anger, he said to Nathan: The man doing this deserves to die! 2 Samuel 12: 1 - 6.
AC: Hot with anger , he said to Nathan : The man doing this deserves to die ! 2 Samuel 12 : 1 - 6 .

BC: Three more phases of polling are yet to take place.
AC: Three more phases of polling are yet to take place .

BC: She has been a success.
AC: She has been a success .

BC: But not just that!
AC: But not just that !

BC: He recalled controversial statements made by Congress leaders in recent days questioning his caste and dragging in his family and blamed Rahul Gandhi for them.
AC: He recalled controversial statements made by Congress leaders in recent days questioning his caste and dragging in his family and blamed Rahul Gandhi for them .

BC: There is no employment available for our youth.
AC: There is no employment available for our youth .

BC: Families ruined.
AC: Families ruined .

BC: LDF won 91 of the 140 assembly seats at stake.
AC: LDF won 91 of the 140 assembly seats at stake .

BC: Meanwhile, Rs.
AC: Meanwhile , Rs.

BC: The record losses of 2007 and 2008 may, however, be temporary.
AC: The record losses of 2007 and 2008 may , however , be temporary .

BC: "Their seed shall be known among the nations, and their offspring among the peoples. all who see them shall acknowledge them, that they are the seed which Yahweh has blessed."""
AC: " Their seed shall be known among the nations , and their offspring among the peoples. all who see them shall acknowledge them , that they are the seed which Yahweh has blessed . " " "

BC: 'Prem Ratan Dhan Payo': Sonam Kapoor and Salman Khan have been paired together for the first time.
AC: 'Prem Ratan Dhan Payo ' : Sonam Kapoor and Salman Khan have been paired together for the first time .

BC: Its still going on.
AC: Its still going on .

BC: Let us not shirk our responsibility.
AC: Let us not shirk our responsibility .

BC: The shooting of the movie has been completed.
AC: The shooting of the movie has been completed .

BC: Is Anushka The Bride?
AC: Is Anushka The Bride ?

BC: in real life?
AC: in real life ?

BC: But Arvind disagrees.
AC: But Arvind disagrees .

BC: "Too filmi."""
AC: " Too filmi . " " "

BC: Later, cash prizes of Rs.
AC: Later , cash prizes of Rs.

BC: A bike and an auto were also damaged in the accident.
AC: A bike and an auto were also damaged in the accident .

BC: He is happy where he is.
AC: He is happy where he is .

BC: She looks svelte and extremely fetching.
AC: She looks svelte and extremely fetching .

BC: What is seedling?
AC: What is seedling ?

BC: What is the actual concept?
AC: What is the actual concept ?

BC: No one can deny it to me.
AC: No one can deny it to me .

BC: But does she have a project in hand?
AC: But does she have a project in hand ?

BC: Did he retire?
AC: Did he retire ?

BC: Most buildings in India are not equipped to establish and maintain healthy indoor air quality and need to be upgraded.
AC: Most buildings in India are not equipped to establish and maintain healthy indoor air quality and need to be upgraded .

BC: The movie has been directed by Vikas Bahl.
AC: The movie has been directed by Vikas Bahl .

BC: The film's music is being helmed by GV Prakash Kumar.
AC: The film 's music is being helmed by GV Prakash Kumar .

BC: However, nothing has been found so far.
AC: However , nothing has been found so far .

BC: She has warned.
AC: She has warned .

BC: But their parents refused to accept their love.
AC: But their parents refused to accept their love .

BC: Great win it was for India.
AC: Great win it was for India .

BC: A fool will believe anything. PROVERBS 14: 15, TODAYS ENGLISH VERSION.
AC: A fool will believe anything . PROVERBS 14 : 15 , TODAYS ENGLISH VERSION .

BC: What variety of tumour is the kindest?
AC: What variety of tumour is the kindest ?

BC: The situation is becoming chaotic day by day.
AC: The situation is becoming chaotic day by day .

BC: The mans psychology wont change.
AC: The mans psychology wont change .

BC: DMK President MK Stalin said in a tweet.
AC: DMK President MK Stalin said in a tweet .

BC: It requires no expenditure.
AC: It requires no expenditure .

BC: """Obviously, it's Virat Kohli."
AC: " " " Obviously , it 's Virat Kohli . "

BC: This is the first of a five-match series.
AC: This is the first of a five-match series .

BC: Not out given.
AC: Not out given .

BC: Through the angels declaration to the shepherds, we learn that the opportunity for salvation is open to all who are willing to hear the message of the good news.
AC: Through the angels declaration to the shepherds , we learn that the opportunity for salvation is open to all who are willing to hear the message of the good news .

BC: New Delhi: Once again Congress President Mr. Rahul Gandhi took a jibe at the Prime Minister Mr. Narendra Modi over his visit to Switzerland.
AC: New Delhi : Once again Congress President Mr. Rahul Gandhi took a jibe at the Prime Minister Mr. Narendra Modi over his visit to Switzerland .

BC: He is so loved.
AC: He is so loved .

BC: Anil Ravipudi is the director of the movie.
AC: Anil Ravipudi is the director of the movie .

BC: The phone keeps ringing.
AC: The phone keeps ringing .

BC: The phone runs the MediaTek Helio P22 processor.
AC: The phone runs the MediaTek Helio P22 processor .

BC: Lit filled in their spot.
AC: Lit filled in their spot .

BC: They eventually moved together and established a residence in Caguas.
AC: They eventually moved together and established a residence in Caguas .

BC: The Ford Figo BLU also comes with a dual-tone paint scheme featuring a blacked-out roof, which along with the integrated rear spoiler gives the hatchback a more-compact sporty two-door look
AC: The Ford Figo BLU also comes with a dual-tone paint scheme featuring a blacked-out roof , which along with the integrated rear spoiler gives the hatchback a more-compact sporty two-door look

BC: This has never happened in the country before.
AC: This has never happened in the country before .

BC: They demanded Rs 2 lakh as ransom.
AC: They demanded Rs 2 lakh as ransom .

BC: Kids have fun.
AC: Kids have fun .

BC: Keep the TV off.
AC: Keep the TV off .

BC: During the month, market leader Maruti Suzuki India posted a marginal growth of 0.61 per cent in PV sales at 1,35,948 units.
AC: During the month , market leader Maruti Suzuki India posted a marginal growth of 0.61 per cent in PV sales at 1,35,948 units .

BC: appearance and features.
AC: appearance and features .

BC: Many of the injured were said to be in serious condition.
AC: Many of the injured were said to be in serious condition .

BC: 25 crores.
AC: 25 crores .

BC: Expansion of formal economy will naturally lead to increased tax collections and higher revenues to the government, which in turn will be used to accelerate developmentbuilding roads, schools, hospitals and other essential infrastructure.
AC: Expansion of formal economy will naturally lead to increased tax collections and higher revenues to the government , which in turn will be used to accelerate developmentbuilding roads , schools , hospitals and other essential infrastructure .

BC: "I'll go on my own."""
AC: " I 'll go on my own . " " "

BC: """Captaincy comes with a lot of responsibility."
AC: " " " Captaincy comes with a lot of responsibility . "

BC: This question will be answered soon.
AC: This question will be answered soon .

BC: He was unbeaten on 56 when the innings ended.
AC: He was unbeaten on 56 when the innings ended .

BC: The rituals were conducted under the aegis of Swami Swaroopanandendra and Swami Swatmanandendra Saraswathi of Sri Sharada Peetham.
AC: The rituals were conducted under the aegis of Swami Swaroopanandendra and Swami Swatmanandendra Saraswathi of Sri Sharada Peetham .

BC: However, the procedure has not yet started.
AC: However , the procedure has not yet started .

BC: The Aprilia SR 125 was launched in India at the Auto Expo 2018, at a price of Rs 65,310
AC: The Aprilia SR 125 was launched in India at the Auto Expo 2018 , at a price of Rs 65,310

BC: Life has many challenges.
AC: Life has many challenges .

BC: The child loves me.
AC: The child loves me .

BC: He has the strength.
AC: He has the strength .

BC: Worked very hard for that win.
AC: Worked very hard for that win .

BC: And then, he had courage.
AC: And then , he had courage .

BC: The sound-monitoring Noise app and menstrual cycle tracking Cycle app have also been released with watchOS 6.
AC: The sound-monitoring Noise app and menstrual cycle tracking Cycle app have also been released with watchOS 6 .

BC: Heres an example of that!
AC: Heres an example of that !

BC: Today, Gods servants find great comfort in the knowledge that their former associates in Gods service will experience the fulfillment of the resurrection hope.
AC: Today , Gods servants find great comfort in the knowledge that their former associates in Gods service will experience the fulfillment of the resurrection hope .

BC: This article considers the blessings we receive by being Gods fellow workers.
AC: This article considers the blessings we receive by being Gods fellow workers .

BC: Mumbai: In a shocking incident, a man allegedly strangulated his two children and later committed suicide by hanging himself in Chembur area of Mumbai in Maharashtra.
AC: Mumbai : In a shocking incident , a man allegedly strangulated his two children and later committed suicide by hanging himself in Chembur area of Mumbai in Maharashtra .

BC: The portion set aside for qualified institutional buyers (QIBs) was oversubscribed 1.33 times, non-institutional investors 1.63 times and retail individual investors 5.69 times.
AC: The portion set aside for qualified institutional buyers ( QIBs ) was oversubscribed 1.33 times , non-institutional investors 1.63 times and retail individual investors 5.69 times .

BC: The show also starred Rati Pandey, Sanaya Irani, Arjun Bijlai and Navina Bole among others.
AC: The show also starred Rati Pandey , Sanaya Irani , Arjun Bijlai and Navina Bole among others .

BC: Is this what his 40 years of experience which he brags about, has taught him, Parthasarathi questioned
AC: Is this what his 40 years of experience which he brags about , has taught him , Parthasarathi questioned

BC: Mr Samuel said.
AC: Mr Samuel said .

BC: Rs 50 lakh?
AC: Rs 50 lakh ?

BC: 50 crores.
AC: 50 crores .

BC: Who is playing?
AC: Who is playing ?

BC: Meanwhile, Indian indices tracking global markets traded strong with Sensex trading close to 32,000 levels.
AC: Meanwhile , Indian indices tracking global markets traded strong with Sensex trading close to 32,000 levels .

BC: 1500 crore.
AC: 1500 crore .

BC: Then add some red chili powder, turmeric powder, coriander powder and salt.
AC: Then add some red chili powder , turmeric powder , coriander powder and salt .

BC: The meeting was attended by Director Garages Zakir Chowdhary, SSP Traffic Jammu Joginder Singh, Additional Secretary, Road Safety Council, Ramesh Kumar Bhat, Joint Transport Commissioner Gurmukh Singh, RTO Jammu Dhananter Singh, Chief Engineer Mechanical, Jammu Gagan Jyoti, Deputy Director Legal Metrology Manoj Prabhakar and ATC Swarn Singh.
AC: The meeting was attended by Director Garages Zakir Chowdhary , SSP Traffic Jammu Joginder Singh , Additional Secretary , Road Safety Council , Ramesh Kumar Bhat , Joint Transport Commissioner Gurmukh Singh , RTO Jammu Dhananter Singh , Chief Engineer Mechanical , Jammu Gagan Jyoti , Deputy Director Legal Metrology Manoj Prabhakar and ATC Swarn Singh .

BC: The movie is being produced by Sravanti Ravi Kishore.
AC: The movie is being produced by Sravanti Ravi Kishore .

BC: Enter your password:
AC: Enter your password :

BC: Two films releases this week.
AC: Two films releases this week .

BC: A few days later, however, he resigned from the post.
AC: A few days later , however , he resigned from the post .

BC: Directed by Akiv Ali.
AC: Directed by Akiv Ali .

BC: The film stars Rakul Preet Singh as the female lead.
AC: The film stars Rakul Preet Singh as the female lead .

BC: Patna: A woman in Bihar has left her husband's house after her in-laws failed to construct a toilet.
AC: Patna : A woman in Bihar has left her husband 's house after her in-laws failed to construct a toilet .

BC: Music by Harris Jayaraj is pretty good.
AC: Music by Harris Jayaraj is pretty good .

BC: There is a conspiracy behind SEC's persistence for the conduct of polls.
AC: There is a conspiracy behind SEC 's persistence for the conduct of polls .

BC: India has won.
AC: India has won .

BC: So, is this the time to sell?
AC: So , is this the time to sell ?

BC: Contributing to the Spiritual Paradise Most people enjoy visiting a park or garden.
AC: Contributing to the Spiritual Paradise Most people enjoy visiting a park or garden .

BC: But the efforts didn't yield positive result
AC: But the efforts didn 't yield positive result

BC: The film deals with the issue of corruption and molestation.
AC: The film deals with the issue of corruption and molestation .

BC: We have started moving in that direction.
AC: We have started moving in that direction .

BC: Coronavirus spread in India is alarmingly increasing by each day.
AC: Coronavirus spread in India is alarmingly increasing by each day .

BC: CPM State secretary Thammineni Veerabhadram, CPI assistant secretary P Sambasiva Rao, former MP and BJP leader AP Jitender Reddy, veteran Congress leader V Hanumanth Rao, TDP politburo member Ravula Chandrasekhar Reddy and Arunodaya Samskritika Samakhya founder Vimalakka were among a number of political leaders who participated in the meeting.
AC: CPM State secretary Thammineni Veerabhadram , CPI assistant secretary P Sambasiva Rao , former MP and BJP leader AP Jitender Reddy , veteran Congress leader V Hanumanth Rao , TDP politburo member Ravula Chandrasekhar Reddy and Arunodaya Samskritika Samakhya founder Vimalakka were among a number of political leaders who participated in the meeting .

BC: Kia Jamhooriat Pakistan Kay Liay Zaroori Hai?
AC: Kia Jamhooriat Pakistan Kay Liay Zaroori Hai ?

BC: He also lashed out at BJP leaders.
AC: He also lashed out at BJP leaders .

BC: Thank you for making me a part of this amazing cause.
AC: Thank you for making me a part of this amazing cause .

BC: One moment, please
AC: One moment , please

BC: Likewise, your resolve to do what is right is most likely to break in the areas in which you are most vulnerable.
AC: Likewise , your resolve to do what is right is most likely to break in the areas in which you are most vulnerable .

BC: She is an inspiration for many youngsters.
AC: She is an inspiration for many youngsters .

BC: We wanted to do different kinds of films.
AC: We wanted to do different kinds of films .

BC: Scores of fans and the party workers had attended the ceremony.
AC: Scores of fans and the party workers had attended the ceremony .

BC: He was not seen thereafter.
AC: He was not seen thereafter .

BC: No decision.
AC: No decision .

BC: After paying our respects at the memorial, we made our way to the Baisakhi Army camp for some much-needed coffee
AC: After paying our respects at the memorial , we made our way to the Baisakhi Army camp for some much-needed coffee

BC: There is another option.
AC: There is another option .

BC: Venus figurines have evoked similar controversy.
AC: Venus figurines have evoked similar controversy .

BC: Article 164(1) of the Constitution of India allows appointment of a chief minister by the governor.
AC: Article 164 ( 1 ) of the Constitution of India allows appointment of a chief minister by the governor .

BC: It is waiting.
AC: It is waiting .

BC: The song was a major hit at the time.
AC: The song was a major hit at the time .

BC: Metal and glass.
AC: Metal and glass .

BC: This is approximately twice the national average.
AC: This is approximately twice the national average .

BC: An interesting fact emerged during the research.
AC: An interesting fact emerged during the research .

BC: He requested that the matter be investigated by an independent agency.
AC: He requested that the matter be investigated by an independent agency .

BC: Check out some of the attempts here:
AC: Check out some of the attempts here :

BC: The CM also advised the Health Minister, Municipal Administration Minister and other senior officials to review the GHMC area circle-wise every day from the Pragathi Bhavan and asked for necessary action to follow the review meeting.
AC: The CM also advised the Health Minister , Municipal Administration Minister and other senior officials to review the GHMC area circle-wise every day from the Pragathi Bhavan and asked for necessary action to follow the review meeting .

BC: Everyone is playing.
AC: Everyone is playing .

BC: Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu also spoke on the occasion.
AC: Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu also spoke on the occasion .

BC: According to the police, local...
AC: According to the police , local ...

BC: Taxes and fees are to be paid to the government.
AC: Taxes and fees are to be paid to the government .

BC: The front camera is 8 megapixel.
AC: The front camera is 8 megapixel .

BC: India is the worlds fastest growing nation.
AC: India is the worlds fastest growing nation .

BC: Ishant Sharma bagged a fifer, Umesh Yadav took three wickets and Mohammed Shami took two.
AC: Ishant Sharma bagged a fifer , Umesh Yadav took three wickets and Mohammed Shami took two .

BC: So he made a plan.
AC: So he made a plan .

BC: The film has been made on a budget of approximately Rs 180 crores.
AC: The film has been made on a budget of approximately Rs 180 crores .

BC: Is there any motive in this too?
AC: Is there any motive in this too ?

BC: This is exceedingly rare.
AC: This is exceedingly rare .

BC: Then let us continue to pray earnestly to our loving God, Jehovah, and humbly submit to the direction of his holy spirit and the counsel of his Word.
AC: Then let us continue to pray earnestly to our loving God , Jehovah , and humbly submit to the direction of his holy spirit and the counsel of his Word .

BC: Who got how many seats?
AC: Who got how many seats ?

BC: Both were dismissed.
AC: Both were dismissed .

BC: It doesnt alienate anyone.
AC: It doesnt alienate anyone .

BC: The responses were dramatically different.
AC: The responses were dramatically different .

BC: The PM never responded.
AC: The PM never responded .

BC: We welcomed holding of the inaugural meeting of iDEX-DIU in July2020through Video Conferencing and are looking forward to the first ISA Summit this year.
AC: We welcomed holding of the inaugural meeting of iDEX-DIU in July2020through Video Conferencing and are looking forward to the first ISA Summit this year .

BC: """Why not you?"
AC: " " " Why not you ? "

BC: The report concludes: Until the parents of young teenagers begin to take more responsibility for their childrens behaviour, the level of underage sex will not decline and teenage pregnancy and sexually transmitted disease will continue to rise.
AC: The report concludes : Until the parents of young teenagers begin to take more responsibility for their childrens behaviour , the level of underage sex will not decline and teenage pregnancy and sexually transmitted disease will continue to rise .

BC: Several people have died due to the virus.
AC: Several people have died due to the virus .

BC: There are a total of 73 witnesses in the case.
AC: There are a total of 73 witnesses in the case .

BC: And then?
AC: And then ?

BC: Just as the ark amounted to evidence of Noahs faith, baptism before onlookers provides visible evidence.
AC: Just as the ark amounted to evidence of Noahs faith , baptism before onlookers provides visible evidence .

BC: Wash later with cold water.
AC: Wash later with cold water .

BC: 3 potatoes, peeled and halved
AC: 3 potatoes , peeled and halved

BC: Look at the results.
AC: Look at the results .

BC: The remaining 30% largely belong to the urban population.
AC: The remaining 30 % largely belong to the urban population .

BC: By letting the light of truth shine through our words and deeds, we can help others to give glory to our heavenly Father.
AC: By letting the light of truth shine through our words and deeds , we can help others to give glory to our heavenly Father .

BC: You just need to put little efforts.
AC: You just need to put little efforts .

BC: He said he was not concerned with that.
AC: He said he was not concerned with that .

BC: No violence and crime.
AC: No violence and crime .

BC: Perhaps I am torn.
AC: Perhaps I am torn .

BC: He has informed about this from his Twitter account.
AC: He has informed about this from his Twitter account .

BC: The answer was the same.
AC: The answer was the same .

BC: Everyone knows the answer.
AC: Everyone knows the answer .

BC: Four other states -- Punjab, Uttarakhand, Goa and Manipur -- have together only 12 members in the Uppar House.
AC: Four other states -- Punjab , Uttarakhand , Goa and Manipur -- have together only 12 members in the Uppar House .

BC: 5700 crore.
AC: 5700 crore .

BC: The first is ingratitude.
AC: The first is ingratitude .

BC: We were so keyed up that we fired our mortar all night long. He regarded people from the neighboring country as his enemies, deserving of death.
AC: We were so keyed up that we fired our mortar all night long . He regarded people from the neighboring country as his enemies , deserving of death .

BC: Hundreds were injured.
AC: Hundreds were injured .

BC: Ms.Rupinder Brar in her concluding remarks spoke about Ministry of Tourisms Incredible India Tourist facilitator certification programme which will also act as an enabler for transforming a local citizen with no specified skills having proficiency in a regional language into a potential bread earner for their households. This will further help citizens to own up the local culture and show it to the visitors.
AC: Ms.Rupinder Brar in her concluding remarks spoke about Ministry of Tourisms Incredible India Tourist facilitator certification programme which will also act as an enabler for transforming a local citizen with no specified skills having proficiency in a regional language into a potential bread earner for their households . This will further help citizens to own up the local culture and show it to the visitors .

BC: Pakistan's official reaction
AC: Pakistan 's official reaction

BC: Pawan said.
AC: Pawan said .

BC: The couple had frequent quarrels over the matter.
AC: The couple had frequent quarrels over the matter .

BC: Theres evidence they did.
AC: Theres evidence they did .

BC: The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Revalidation of permission to raise Extra Budgetary Resource (EBRs) of Rs. 660 crore as Government of India Bonds by Inland Waterways Authority of India (IWAI) in 2017-18.
AC: The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Revalidation of permission to raise Extra Budgetary Resource ( EBRs ) of Rs. 660 crore as Government of India Bonds by Inland Waterways Authority of India ( IWAI ) in 2017-18 .

BC: The dual-sim phone supports 4G.
AC: The dual-sim phone supports 4G .

BC: 15 thousand.
AC: 15 thousand .

BC: And then suddenly she was dead.
AC: And then suddenly she was dead .

BC: He was also arrested.
AC: He was also arrested .

BC: Adolf Hitler invades Poland, beginning World War II
AC: Adolf Hitler invades Poland , beginning World War II

BC: Directed and written by Vignesh Shivan, the film also stars Nayanthara and Vijay Sethupathi in the lead roles.
AC: Directed and written by Vignesh Shivan , the film also stars Nayanthara and Vijay Sethupathi in the lead roles .

BC: Tamil Nadu: Actor turned politician Rajinikanth casts his vote at the polling station in Stella Maris College, in Chennai Central parliamentary constituency.
AC: Tamil Nadu : Actor turned politician Rajinikanth casts his vote at the polling station in Stella Maris College , in Chennai Central parliamentary constituency .

BC: Alaia is the daughter of actor Pooja Bedi.
AC: Alaia is the daughter of actor Pooja Bedi .

BC: In making this substitution, the churches have, in effect, made Darwin a modern - day Aristotle and evolution an article of faith.
AC: In making this substitution , the churches have , in effect , made Darwin a modern - day Aristotle and evolution an article of faith .

BC: It is ideal for all.
AC: It is ideal for all .

BC: The media.
AC: The media .

BC: That felt amazing.
AC: That felt amazing .

BC: She also appreciated the works done by.
AC: She also appreciated the works done by .

BC: The films shooting is over.
AC: The films shooting is over .

BC: The video has gotten over a million views on Twitter.
AC: The video has gotten over a million views on Twitter .

BC: We all are together.
AC: We all are together .

BC: You will smile.
AC: You will smile .

BC: SBI saving account interest rate:
AC: SBI saving account interest rate :

BC: Bharat Biotech got the country's drug regulator's approval to start clinical trials of its anti-Corona vaccine Covaxin recently
AC: Bharat Biotech got the country 's drug regulator 's approval to start clinical trials of its anti-Corona vaccine Covaxin recently

BC: They are demanding the law minister, Zahid Hamid, resign over the amendment.
AC: They are demanding the law minister , Zahid Hamid , resign over the amendment .

BC: posted Ram Gopal Varma on his Twitter profile.
AC: posted Ram Gopal Varma on his Twitter profile .

BC: A web series of Honda's campaign will be hosted by Indian author Chetan Bhagat
AC: A web series of Honda 's campaign will be hosted by Indian author Chetan Bhagat

BC: Shailendra Chaudhari and other senior officers of the Department attended the meet through Video Conference.
AC: Shailendra Chaudhari and other senior officers of the Department attended the meet through Video Conference .

BC: Through these many contributions, Jamsetji Tata advanced the textile and cotton industry in India.
AC: Through these many contributions , Jamsetji Tata advanced the textile and cotton industry in India .

BC: Devipatnam:The Royal Vasishta tourist boat, which sank in the Godavari River at Kachuluru Mandal, near Devipatnam at East Godavari District, was finally retrieved from the river by the Dharmadi Satyam team on Monday evening
AC: Devipatnam : The Royal Vasishta tourist boat , which sank in the Godavari River at Kachuluru Mandal , near Devipatnam at East Godavari District , was finally retrieved from the river by the Dharmadi Satyam team on Monday evening

BC: For weeks, Prime Minister Narendra Modi remained conspicuously silent.
AC: For weeks , Prime Minister Narendra Modi remained conspicuously silent .

BC: It's smaller in size.
AC: It 's smaller in size .

BC: But the same is not true for Hindi.
AC: But the same is not true for Hindi .

BC: Heat up oil in a pan and saute the garlic and ginger.
AC: Heat up oil in a pan and saute the garlic and ginger .

BC: Every experience is a learning experience.
AC: Every experience is a learning experience .

BC: US President Donald Trump's daughter, Ivanka Trump arrives in Ahmedabad.
AC: US President Donald Trump 's daughter , Ivanka Trump arrives in Ahmedabad .

BC: What's your take on this?
AC: What 's your take on this ?

BC: Three terrorists were killed in an encounter in Pulwama district of Jammu and Kashmir.
AC: Three terrorists were killed in an encounter in Pulwama district of Jammu and Kashmir .

BC: It was happy.
AC: It was happy .

BC: Doctors in Delhi, Rajasthan, Assam , Gujarat, Tripura, Madhya Pradesh , Uttar Pradesh , Odisha and Karnataka and Kerala joined the strike.
AC: Doctors in Delhi , Rajasthan , Assam , Gujarat , Tripura , Madhya Pradesh , Uttar Pradesh , Odisha and Karnataka and Kerala joined the strike .

BC: Thief thief!
AC: Thief thief !

BC: There is also a provision of Coordination Forum of IIMs as an advisory body.
AC: There is also a provision of Coordination Forum of IIMs as an advisory body .

BC: Nishabdham will be released in Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam, Hindi and English
AC: Nishabdham will be released in Telugu , Tamil , Malayalam , Hindi and English

BC: Post Name: Project Technician
AC: Post Name : Project Technician

BC: The last 27 books were written in the Greek language and make up the Greek Scriptures.
AC: The last 27 books were written in the Greek language and make up the Greek Scriptures .

BC: What are piles?
AC: What are piles ?

BC: Russia was the only alternative to America.
AC: Russia was the only alternative to America .

BC: Check this out.
AC: Check this out .

BC: Anushka Sharma is a leading actress in Bollywood.
AC: Anushka Sharma is a leading actress in Bollywood .

BC: You need not bother about this problem.
AC: You need not bother about this problem .

BC: "Lockdown and social distancing in (sic) the only way to fight Covid-19,"" he had tweeted."
AC: " Lockdown and social distancing in ( sic ) the only way to fight Covid-19 , " " he had tweeted . "

BC: This election is important.
AC: This election is important .

BC: During a chase, he fell from the tractor trolley and died.
AC: During a chase , he fell from the tractor trolley and died .

BC: The police reached there after learning of the incident.
AC: The police reached there after learning of the incident .

BC: "When asked which Hindi film she wanted to do in recent times, she recently said, "" I wanted to become a part of Simmba ."
AC: " When asked which Hindi film she wanted to do in recent times , she recently said , " " I wanted to become a part of Simmba . "

BC: However, their health condition worsened after sometime.
AC: However , their health condition worsened after sometime .

BC: There are 30 districts in the state.
AC: There are 30 districts in the state .

BC: issued said.
AC: issued said .

BC: Whats in the box?
AC: Whats in the box ?

BC: India won by 26 runs in a match affected by rain.
AC: India won by 26 runs in a match affected by rain .

BC: What do you believe?
AC: What do you believe ?

BC: Another setback for TDP in Telangana.
AC: Another setback for TDP in Telangana .

BC: When the incident took place, the applicant (Peter Mukerjea) was not in India.
AC: When the incident took place , the applicant ( Peter Mukerjea ) was not in India .

BC: The film is produced by NTR's brother, actor Kalyan Ram.
AC: The film is produced by NTR 's brother , actor Kalyan Ram .

BC: Im an older guy.
AC: Im an older guy .

BC: This led to the demand for increasing representation of patient interest in medical regulatory boards.
AC: This led to the demand for increasing representation of patient interest in medical regulatory boards .

BC: Concerning the birth of Jesus, the inspired record says: During the time his mother Mary was promised in marriage to Joseph, she was found to be pregnant by holy spirit before they were united.
AC: Concerning the birth of Jesus , the inspired record says : During the time his mother Mary was promised in marriage to Joseph , she was found to be pregnant by holy spirit before they were united .

BC: Currently at the top of the table, Mumbai City FC have registered 10 wins from 15 games, accumulating 33 points.
AC: Currently at the top of the table , Mumbai City FC have registered 10 wins from 15 games , accumulating 33 points .

BC: He is shown to be fairly bumbling as well, as he is the only one who still believes Suoh is Shion.
AC: He is shown to be fairly bumbling as well , as he is the only one who still believes Suoh is Shion .

BC: The number of coronavirus cases in the country are rising day by day.
AC: The number of coronavirus cases in the country are rising day by day .

BC: The state is moving ahead.
AC: The state is moving ahead .

BC: It was trial by experiment.
AC: It was trial by experiment .

BC: This is called flaking.
AC: This is called flaking .

BC: Tirupati: YSR Congress party leader and Rajampet MP PV Mithun Reddy was arrested by the Chittoor police late on Saturday night at the Chennai airport
AC: Tirupati : YSR Congress party leader and Rajampet MP PV Mithun Reddy was arrested by the Chittoor police late on Saturday night at the Chennai airport

BC: Jagtial: Telangana Irrigation minister Harish Rao lambasted Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu for trying to restrain the prestigious Kaleshwaram project works here.
AC: Jagtial : Telangana Irrigation minister Harish Rao lambasted Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu for trying to restrain the prestigious Kaleshwaram project works here .

BC: It's the story of every Indian.
AC: It 's the story of every Indian .

BC: The film is produced by the Sitara Entertainments banner.
AC: The film is produced by the Sitara Entertainments banner .

BC: honour them.
AC: honour them .

BC: Hemachandra told Kumarapala that Ajayapala was not fit to be a king, and recommended Pratapamalla instead.
AC: Hemachandra told Kumarapala that Ajayapala was not fit to be a king , and recommended Pratapamalla instead .

BC: The apex court had first appointed a three-member mediation panel, comprising Justice FMI Kallifulla, Sri Sri Ravi Shankar and senior advocate and renowned mediator Sriram Panchu for amicable resolution of the dispute.
AC: The apex court had first appointed a three-member mediation panel , comprising Justice FMI Kallifulla , Sri Sri Ravi Shankar and senior advocate and renowned mediator Sriram Panchu for amicable resolution of the dispute .

BC: The Indian cricket team pulled off a stunning 318-run win in the first Test against West Indies in Antigua.
AC: The Indian cricket team pulled off a stunning 318-run win in the first Test against West Indies in Antigua .

BC: Congress nominees were leading in Bhongir, Nalgonda and Malkajgiri.
AC: Congress nominees were leading in Bhongir , Nalgonda and Malkajgiri .

BC: National Police University and National Forensic University will be set up.
AC: National Police University and National Forensic University will be set up .

BC: Mayank James?
AC: Mayank James ?

BC: For this, Rs.
AC: For this , Rs.

BC: We process small batches.
AC: We process small batches .

BC: certificates of disability.
AC: certificates of disability .

BC: Ezras godly devotion did not just happen.
AC: Ezras godly devotion did not just happen .

BC: But what kind of illness?
AC: But what kind of illness ?

BC: The doctors were amazed.
AC: The doctors were amazed .

BC: It will be releasing as 'Haathi Mera Saathi' in Hindi, 'Kaadan' in Tamil and 'Aranya' in Telugu.
AC: It will be releasing as ' Haathi Mera Saathi ' in Hindi , ' Kaadan ' in Tamil and ' Aranya ' in Telugu .

BC: In the conference of electromagneti diffraction ,the sincere efforts of Heinrich Rudolf Hertz was very important for the development of modern Telecommunications.
AC: In the conference of electromagneti diffraction , the sincere efforts of Heinrich Rudolf Hertz was very important for the development of modern Telecommunications .

BC: Thank you to each person who contributed in this victory.
AC: Thank you to each person who contributed in this victory .

BC: The answerthe Aedes mosquito.
AC: The answerthe Aedes mosquito .

BC: Presently, there are 1,45,779 active cases and all are under active medical supervision.
AC: Presently , there are 1,45,779 active cases and all are under active medical supervision .

BC: Everything is in the face.
AC: Everything is in the face .

BC: Thus, the 206 was a 2.0 L V6 powered vehicle, while the 348 used a 3.4 L V8, although, for the F355, the last digit refers to 5 valves per cylinder.
AC: Thus , the 206 was a 2.0 L V6 powered vehicle , while the 348 used a 3.4 L V8 , although , for the F355 , the last digit refers to 5 valves per cylinder .

BC: Vitamin A is found in oily fish, egg yolks, cheese, tofu, nuts, seeds, whole grains and legumes.
AC: Vitamin A is found in oily fish , egg yolks , cheese , tofu , nuts , seeds , whole grains and legumes .

BC: Police rushed to the spot immediately after receiving the information and the dead body was shifted to Osmania hospital for postmortem.
AC: Police rushed to the spot immediately after receiving the information and the dead body was shifted to Osmania hospital for postmortem .

BC: Its entertaining for the kids.
AC: Its entertaining for the kids .

BC: The two are in the fray this time too.
AC: The two are in the fray this time too .

BC: "He tweeted, ""The first underwater train will be operational under Kolkota's Hooghly River."
AC: " He tweeted , " " The first underwater train will be operational under Kolkota 's Hooghly River . "

BC: The Delhi Police is not under the State Government.
AC: The Delhi Police is not under the State Government .

BC: But that proposal is yet to see the light of day.
AC: But that proposal is yet to see the light of day .

BC: This amount is proposed to be utilised for the schemes of irrigation, housing, toilets, infrastructure, primary education, primary health and livelihood.
AC: This amount is proposed to be utilised for the schemes of irrigation , housing , toilets , infrastructure , primary education , primary health and livelihood .

BC: ABHYAS is designed and developed by Aeronautical Development Establishment (ADE), DRDO.
AC: ABHYAS is designed and developed by Aeronautical Development Establishment ( ADE ) , DRDO .

BC: """That idea was flat wrong."""
AC: " " " That idea was flat wrong . " " "

BC: Education: Applicants should have a full time BE/BTech/ BSc degree in related field with at least 60 per cent marks.
AC: Education : Applicants should have a full time BE / BTech / BSc degree in related field with at least 60 per cent marks .

BC: It has an engaging story and an interesting visual narrative.
AC: It has an engaging story and an interesting visual narrative .

BC: Yahweh saw and abhorred, because of the provocation of his sons and his daughters.
AC: Yahweh saw and abhorred , because of the provocation of his sons and his daughters .

BC: Current ratio = (Current assets / current liabilities)
AC: Current ratio = ( Current assets / current liabilities )

BC: They are highly knowledgeable too.
AC: They are highly knowledgeable too .

BC: Boil the potatoes and chop them.
AC: Boil the potatoes and chop them .

BC: This is the parents responsibility.
AC: This is the parents responsibility .

BC: His online petition has received over 19,800 signatures and it is growing.
AC: His online petition has received over 19,800 signatures and it is growing .

BC: University students.
AC: University students .

BC: Hyderabad: The South Central Railway has deployed additional trains between the points, Secunderabad Kakinada and Kacheguda Kakinada
AC: Hyderabad : The South Central Railway has deployed additional trains between the points , Secunderabad Kakinada and Kacheguda Kakinada

BC: The Panneerselvam faction has demanded Sasikala, Dinakaran and their family members be ousted from the party.
AC: The Panneerselvam faction has demanded Sasikala , Dinakaran and their family members be ousted from the party .

BC: The film has received a tremendous response.
AC: The film has received a tremendous response .

BC: Anil Ravipudi is the director of the film.
AC: Anil Ravipudi is the director of the film .

BC: Floss everyday.
AC: Floss everyday .

BC: Ive seen those reports.
AC: Ive seen those reports .

BC: We are Indian nationalists.
AC: We are Indian nationalists .

BC: Chandrababu has rendered the state bankrupt, he said.
AC: Chandrababu has rendered the state bankrupt , he said .

BC: Watching TV for short periods does not impact on the number of creative ideas that young children come up, researchers said
AC: Watching TV for short periods does not impact on the number of creative ideas that young children come up , researchers said

BC: Vodafone Idea, however, did not comment on this.
AC: Vodafone Idea , however , did not comment on this .

BC: Its easier said than done.
AC: Its easier said than done .

BC: They then threw flower petals into the water.
AC: They then threw flower petals into the water .

BC: Produced by BVSN Prasad, the film has music by Devi Sri Prasad.
AC: Produced by BVSN Prasad , the film has music by Devi Sri Prasad .

BC: Were going to get married soon.
AC: Were going to get married soon .

BC: Police have registered a case and conducted an investigation.
AC: Police have registered a case and conducted an investigation .

BC: The fuel prices also have gone up.
AC: The fuel prices also have gone up .

BC: Police registered the case.
AC: Police registered the case .

BC: in the private and public sectors.
AC: in the private and public sectors .

BC: The population grew.
AC: The population grew .

BC: A thousand years may appear to you to be a long time, but in fact, Jehovah views it as one day. 2 Peter 3: 8.
AC: A thousand years may appear to you to be a long time , but in fact , Jehovah views it as one day . 2 Peter 3 : 8 .

BC: India's campaign ends at Australian Open badminton
AC: India 's campaign ends at Australian Open badminton

BC: 85 crore.
AC: 85 crore .

BC: What's up, my nigga?
AC: What 's up , my nigga ?

BC: What is the test?
AC: What is the test ?

BC: The sacrifices of our Armed Forces should never be questioned.
AC: The sacrifices of our Armed Forces should never be questioned .

BC: 500 is charged, he said.
AC: 500 is charged , he said .

BC: What are they up to?
AC: What are they up to ?

BC: The temple is listed in UNESCO World Heritage Sites.
AC: The temple is listed in UNESCO World Heritage Sites .

BC: """High Sir!"
AC: " " " High Sir ! "

BC: South African pacer Kagiso Rabada is considered one of the best fast bowlers in the world at the moment.
AC: South African pacer Kagiso Rabada is considered one of the best fast bowlers in the world at the moment .

BC: The two groups clashed with each other and indulged in stone-throwing.
AC: The two groups clashed with each other and indulged in stone-throwing .

BC: Bodies are many but their soul is one.
AC: Bodies are many but their soul is one .

BC: This love also moves subjects of the Kingdom to persevere loyally in their main work.
AC: This love also moves subjects of the Kingdom to persevere loyally in their main work .

BC: """We will give special category status to Andhra Pradesh."
AC: " " " We will give special category status to Andhra Pradesh . "

BC: The pair shared a century partnership for the third wicket.
AC: The pair shared a century partnership for the third wicket .

BC: Police reached spot on receiving information and began a probe into the incident.
AC: Police reached spot on receiving information and began a probe into the incident .

BC: Fundamento de Esperanto.
AC: Fundamento de Esperanto .

BC: Children need to be in schools, she said.
AC: Children need to be in schools , she said .

BC: Central Government subscribers have been allowed to choose any one of the pension funds including private sector pension fund manager.
AC: Central Government subscribers have been allowed to choose any one of the pension funds including private sector pension fund manager .

BC: What must they do?
AC: What must they do ?

BC: For the following financial year 2021-22, it projected the economy to clock a growth of 10.6 percent.
AC: For the following financial year 2021-22 , it projected the economy to clock a growth of 10.6 percent .

BC: Thats why I do many advertisements.
AC: Thats why I do many advertisements .

BC: Its not an academic book.
AC: Its not an academic book .

BC: Development of a novel vaccine evaluation platform at National Institute of Immunology to support SARS-CoV-2 vaccine development has also been approved for financial support.
AC: Development of a novel vaccine evaluation platform at National Institute of Immunology to support SARS-CoV-2 vaccine development has also been approved for financial support .

BC: How did the conflict start?
AC: How did the conflict start ?

BC: This never happened in the past.
AC: This never happened in the past .

BC: But not all days are same.
AC: But not all days are same .

BC: Who gets to decide what is legitimate?
AC: Who gets to decide what is legitimate ?

BC: Wishing you good health!
AC: Wishing you good health !

BC: The death toll in France has crossed 12,210.
AC: The death toll in France has crossed 12,210 .

BC: Keerthy Suresh plays Savitri in the film.
AC: Keerthy Suresh plays Savitri in the film .

BC: Directed by Surender Reddy, Megastar Chiranjeevi 's movie, Sye Raa Narasimha Reddy is based on the life of freedom fighter Uyyalawada Narasimha Reddy.
AC: Directed by Surender Reddy , Megastar Chiranjeevi ' s movie , Sye Raa Narasimha Reddy is based on the life of freedom fighter Uyyalawada Narasimha Reddy .

BC: And, it is all of us who have to collectively give shape to the future
AC: And , it is all of us who have to collectively give shape to the future

BC: He was 57 at the time.
AC: He was 57 at the time .

BC: Pulakeshin appointed his brother Kubja Vishnuvardhana as Viceroy to rule over the conquered lands.
AC: Pulakeshin appointed his brother Kubja Vishnuvardhana as Viceroy to rule over the conquered lands .

BC: Smaller earthquakes happen more often.
AC: Smaller earthquakes happen more often .

BC: Among others, MP Dr Rajashree Mallick, MLAs Bishnu Das and Prasanta Muduli, district Collector SK Mohapatra and Municipality Executive Officer Baladev Behera were present.
AC: Among others , MP Dr Rajashree Mallick , MLAs Bishnu Das and Prasanta Muduli , district Collector SK Mohapatra and Municipality Executive Officer Baladev Behera were present .

BC: The first half ended scoreless.
AC: The first half ended scoreless .

BC: Is this a private matter?
AC: Is this a private matter ?

BC: Students should remain focussed.
AC: Students should remain focussed .

BC: Eight persons died during the period: four in Kurnool, two in Chittoor and one each in Krishna and East Godavari districts.
AC: Eight persons died during the period : four in Kurnool , two in Chittoor and one each in Krishna and East Godavari districts .

BC: However, the Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) has been kept steady at 6%.
AC: However , the Cash Reserve Ratio ( CRR ) has been kept steady at 6 % .

BC: 5 lakh would be provided.
AC: 5 lakh would be provided .

BC: Avishek Das clinched three wickets while Shoriful Islam and Tanzim Hasan Sakib both picked two wickets each.
AC: Avishek Das clinched three wickets while Shoriful Islam and Tanzim Hasan Sakib both picked two wickets each .

BC: Post & Thana Datan, Tahsil & Distt
AC: Post & Thana Datan , Tahsil & Distt

BC: He has also worked in the Tamil and Telugu movie industry as well.
AC: He has also worked in the Tamil and Telugu movie industry as well .

BC: Coronavirus cases in Telangana are increasing day by day.
AC: Coronavirus cases in Telangana are increasing day by day .

BC: Tap on it and select the colour.
AC: Tap on it and select the colour .

BC: The contest this time again will be bipolar: between BJP and AAP.
AC: The contest this time again will be bipolar : between BJP and AAP .

BC: Also, the Supreme Court has been quite responsive.
AC: Also , the Supreme Court has been quite responsive .

BC: And its not funny.
AC: And its not funny .

BC: Theres a good source of water.
AC: Theres a good source of water .

BC: Also, we often talked with fondness about our time in the missionary work.
AC: Also , we often talked with fondness about our time in the missionary work .

BC: But they never harmed labourers.
AC: But they never harmed labourers .

BC: "Who's your favourite?"""
AC: " Who 's your favourite ? " " "

BC: It then spread to China.
AC: It then spread to China .

BC: Prices rise as a result.
AC: Prices rise as a result .

BC: "According to the Tihar Jail Directorate sources, ""Since they would be taken to the execution chamber at the same time, extreme vigilance and peace will be exercised so that the four convicts can''t create any trouble."""
AC: " According to the Tihar Jail Directorate sources , " " Since they would be taken to the execution chamber at the same time , extreme vigilance and peace will be exercised so that the four convicts can " t create any trouble . " " "

BC: Many news about him came.
AC: Many news about him came .

BC: The family had financial problems.
AC: The family had financial problems .

BC: She asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi and UP chief minister Yogi Adityanath for help.
AC: She asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi and UP chief minister Yogi Adityanath for help .

BC: Congratulations to the whole team.'
AC: Congratulations to the whole team . '

BC: What else to say?
AC: What else to say ?

BC: Kerala DGP Loknath Behera has also directed district police chiefs to keep utmost vigil across the state.
AC: Kerala DGP Loknath Behera has also directed district police chiefs to keep utmost vigil across the state .

BC: His role will be important in the movie.
AC: His role will be important in the movie .

BC: Where do things come from?
AC: Where do things come from ?

BC: The apex court had said Aadhaar was not mandatory.
AC: The apex court had said Aadhaar was not mandatory .

BC: Sweating helps the body to stay cool.
AC: Sweating helps the body to stay cool .

BC: Not ended.
AC: Not ended .

BC: Almonds are rich in magnesium and potassium.
AC: Almonds are rich in magnesium and potassium .

BC: Some never tire of trying.
AC: Some never tire of trying .

BC: For my people have committed two evils. they have forsaken me the fountain of living waters, and hewed them out cisterns, broken cisterns, that can hold no water.
AC: For my people have committed two evils. they have forsaken me the fountain of living waters , and hewed them out cisterns , broken cisterns , that can hold no water .

BC: Good good.
AC: Good good .

BC: Also, 347 people have been arrested under the Excise Act in connection with violation of the poll code, they said.
AC: Also , 347 people have been arrested under the Excise Act in connection with violation of the poll code , they said .

BC: The smartphone comes with an 8-megapixel camera.
AC: The smartphone comes with an 8-megapixel camera .

BC: Meanwhile, what is happening at home?
AC: Meanwhile , what is happening at home ?

BC: It was my first film.
AC: It was my first film .

BC: Dilwale is an action romantic comedy film that features Shahrukh Khan, Kajol, Varun Dhawan and Kriti Sanon in the lead roles.
AC: Dilwale is an action romantic comedy film that features Shahrukh Khan , Kajol , Varun Dhawan and Kriti Sanon in the lead roles .

BC: His remark was condemned by BJP leaders.
AC: His remark was condemned by BJP leaders .

BC: Dr Jitendra Singh recalled that ever since Narendra Modi took over as Prime Minister, he has brought to the central stage the virtues of the indigenous systems of medical management
AC: Dr Jitendra Singh recalled that ever since Narendra Modi took over as Prime Minister , he has brought to the central stage the virtues of the indigenous systems of medical management

BC: It is being examined.
AC: It is being examined .

BC: Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu will also be present on the occasion.
AC: Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu will also be present on the occasion .

BC: 3 crore, and Rs.
AC: 3 crore , and Rs.

BC: What equipment is needed?
AC: What equipment is needed ?

BC: Yes Banks board also includes Mukesh Sabharwal, Subhash Kalia, Ajai Kumar, Pratima Sheorey, Uttam Prakash Agarwal, TS Vijayan, and Rana Kapoor (managing director and CEO).
AC: Yes Banks board also includes Mukesh Sabharwal , Subhash Kalia , Ajai Kumar , Pratima Sheorey , Uttam Prakash Agarwal , TS Vijayan , and Rana Kapoor ( managing director and CEO ) .

BC: The ceremony was held at the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Indoor Stadium in Mumbai.
AC: The ceremony was held at the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Indoor Stadium in Mumbai .

BC: Coronavirus has severely affected the economy of the world.
AC: Coronavirus has severely affected the economy of the world .

BC: With this facility for the students, India has taken the lead in restoring a semblance of normalcy in one more crucial area test preparations even as we tackle these unprecedented times that have led to significant changes in life around the world.
AC: With this facility for the students , India has taken the lead in restoring a semblance of normalcy in one more crucial area test preparations even as we tackle these unprecedented times that have led to significant changes in life around the world .

BC: Having won the toss, Rajasthan invited Punjab to bat first.
AC: Having won the toss , Rajasthan invited Punjab to bat first .

BC: 120 people died.
AC: 120 people died .

BC: I stood motionless.
AC: I stood motionless .

BC: Labourers threw stones at the police.
AC: Labourers threw stones at the police .

BC: Till date, under the scheme, a total of 61 claims are processed and paid.156 claims are under examination by New India Assurance (NIA) Company Limited, and in 67 cases claims forms are yet to be submitted by the States.
AC: Till date , under the scheme , a total of 61 claims are processed and paid.156 claims are under examination by New India Assurance ( NIA ) Company Limited , and in 67 cases claims forms are yet to be submitted by the States .

BC: He did not respond to questions put to him.
AC: He did not respond to questions put to him .

BC: The movie is also releasing in Tamil...
AC: The movie is also releasing in Tamil ...

BC: Because the first man, Adam, sinned, all his offspring were born imperfect, with a tendency to break Gods laws.
AC: Because the first man , Adam , sinned , all his offspring were born imperfect , with a tendency to break Gods laws .

BC: This is highly toxic to humans.
AC: This is highly toxic to humans .

BC: These are available in various colourways.
AC: These are available in various colourways .

BC: The scheme would benefit 58 lakh farmers, who will be given Rs.
AC: The scheme would benefit 58 lakh farmers , who will be given Rs.

BC: Liquor will be restricted to three-star and five-star hotels by 2024.
AC: Liquor will be restricted to three-star and five-star hotels by 2024 .

BC: The station is located in Chamarajanagar district, Karnataka state, India.
AC: The station is located in Chamarajanagar district , Karnataka state , India .

BC: Directed by Karuna Kumar, this film featured Rakshit in the lead role.
AC: Directed by Karuna Kumar , this film featured Rakshit in the lead role .

BC: But its worthwhile.
AC: But its worthwhile .

BC: There was a man sitting in the middle while huge snakes of different sizes were enveloped around him.
AC: There was a man sitting in the middle while huge snakes of different sizes were enveloped around him .

BC: In addition, Rs.
AC: In addition , Rs.

BC: It is vital for democracy.
AC: It is vital for democracy .

BC: On receipt of the information, the police reached the accident site and immediately rushed the injured to the hospital.
AC: On receipt of the information , the police reached the accident site and immediately rushed the injured to the hospital .

BC: We want the Government to take proactive measures to avoid such incidences in future, said Das.
AC: We want the Government to take proactive measures to avoid such incidences in future , said Das .

BC: Positive thoughts.
AC: Positive thoughts .

BC: The controversial director, Ram Gopal Varma unveiled the trailer of his upcoming movie, Power Star.
AC: The controversial director , Ram Gopal Varma unveiled the trailer of his upcoming movie , Power Star .

BC: What more can a parent do?
AC: What more can a parent do ?

BC: They have a son, Prashant Kumar, and a daughter, Swati.
AC: They have a son , Prashant Kumar , and a daughter , Swati .

BC: The interest rate usually ranges from 120 percent to 200 percent.
AC: The interest rate usually ranges from 120 percent to 200 percent .

BC: Hyderabad: Actor-politician Pawan kalyan came under severe criticism from director Ram Gopal Verma yet again.
AC: Hyderabad : Actor-politician Pawan kalyan came under severe criticism from director Ram Gopal Verma yet again .

BC: Mysterious Death!
AC: Mysterious Death !

BC: This has angered Vijay fans a great deal.
AC: This has angered Vijay fans a great deal .

BC: So far, so obvious.
AC: So far , so obvious .

BC: Officials said that as per rules, all trainee employees need to undergo a physical test to prove their physical fitness for the job upon the completion of their training period.
AC: Officials said that as per rules , all trainee employees need to undergo a physical test to prove their physical fitness for the job upon the completion of their training period .

BC: The top losers in trade today apart from HDFC Bank, were HDFC, Bajaj Finance, GAIL and ICICI Bank.
AC: The top losers in trade today apart from HDFC Bank , were HDFC , Bajaj Finance , GAIL and ICICI Bank .

BC: She was playful and outspoken.
AC: She was playful and outspoken .

BC: Advani, former UP chief minister Mulayam Singh Yadav, former Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Farooq Abdullah, Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal, Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar, former Bihar chief minister Lalu Prasad Yadav and CPI(M) general secretary Sitaram Yechury, Sharad Pawar and his wife Pratibha Pawar were all on the dais along with the master of ceremonies, Praful Patel.
AC: Advani , former UP chief minister Mulayam Singh Yadav , former Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Farooq Abdullah , Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal , Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar , former Bihar chief minister Lalu Prasad Yadav and CPI ( M ) general secretary Sitaram Yechury , Sharad Pawar and his wife Pratibha Pawar were all on the dais along with the master of ceremonies , Praful Patel .

BC: Three injured people were taken to a hospital.
AC: Three injured people were taken to a hospital .

BC: Twitter, Facebook and Instagram lock Trump's posts on violence:
AC: Twitter , Facebook and Instagram lock Trump 's posts on violence :

BC: Research is an ongoing process.
AC: Research is an ongoing process .

BC: to live a life of solitude.
AC: to live a life of solitude .

BC: Senior Congress leader BK Hariprasad has alleged there was a match-fixing between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Pakistani counterpart Imran Khan which allowed the Pulwama terror attack to occur.
AC: Senior Congress leader BK Hariprasad has alleged there was a match-fixing between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Pakistani counterpart Imran Khan which allowed the Pulwama terror attack to occur .

BC: Both have two sons and a daughter.
AC: Both have two sons and a daughter .

BC: This again caused disquiet.
AC: This again caused disquiet .

BC: Total cases: 2,27,860 Active cases: 87,112 Deaths: 2036.
AC: Total cases : 2,27,860 Active cases : 87,112 Deaths : 2036 .

BC: ESPNCricinfo awards for Harmanpreet Kaur, Kuldeep Yadav and Yuzvendra Chahal
AC: ESPNCricinfo awards for Harmanpreet Kaur , Kuldeep Yadav and Yuzvendra Chahal

BC: It has to be developed further.
AC: It has to be developed further .

BC: Extensive travels through the USA.
AC: Extensive travels through the USA .

BC: the Central/State/Statutory Authority
AC: the Central / State / Statutory Authority

BC: Choose right.
AC: Choose right .

BC: Bodies of seven women and four men, including three teenagers have been found.
AC: Bodies of seven women and four men , including three teenagers have been found .

BC: Ever since a major reform of the health care system in 2006, the Dutch system received more points in the Index each year.
AC: Ever since a major reform of the health care system in 2006 , the Dutch system received more points in the Index each year .

BC: India will next take on Australia in a three-match ODI series.
AC: India will next take on Australia in a three-match ODI series .

BC: Designated standbys Rishabh Pant and Ambati Rayudu are in contention to replace Dhawan.
AC: Designated standbys Rishabh Pant and Ambati Rayudu are in contention to replace Dhawan .

BC: The film is an emotional story.
AC: The film is an emotional story .

BC: He protested.
AC: He protested .

BC: The seven days of the feast he shall prepare a burnt offering to Yahweh, seven bulls and seven rams without blemish daily the seven days. and a male goat daily for a sin offering.
AC: The seven days of the feast he shall prepare a burnt offering to Yahweh , seven bulls and seven rams without blemish daily the seven days. and a male goat daily for a sin offering .

BC: The client should be displaying a token value. Enter that token value here to complete authentication with this client.
AC: The client should be displaying a token value . Enter that token value here to complete authentication with this client .

BC: It is beneficial for people with hypertension.
AC: It is beneficial for people with hypertension .

BC: The only thing which increased during Chandrababu's rule was the rising debts on the burdened shoulders of the farmers.
AC: The only thing which increased during Chandrababu 's rule was the rising debts on the burdened shoulders of the farmers .

BC: The sale continues.
AC: The sale continues .

BC: To generate long term and assured revenues, the Indian insurance sector is one of the best investment options right now
AC: To generate long term and assured revenues , the Indian insurance sector is one of the best investment options right now

BC: [He is] with the young players and guiding Virat [Kohli] all the time.
AC: [ He is ] with the young players and guiding Virat [ Kohli ] all the time .

BC: Police detained him and he confessed to the crime.
AC: Police detained him and he confessed to the crime .

BC: Immediate action will be taken in such cases, she said.
AC: Immediate action will be taken in such cases , she said .

BC: They then decided to take the plunge.
AC: They then decided to take the plunge .

BC: NDRF, Police and Army have been carrying out evacustaions in the area.
AC: NDRF , Police and Army have been carrying out evacustaions in the area .

BC: He explained that the Legislative Capital will be at Amaravati, the Executive capital at Visakhapatnam and Judicial capital at Kurnool.
AC: He explained that the Legislative Capital will be at Amaravati , the Executive capital at Visakhapatnam and Judicial capital at Kurnool .

BC: What more can we do?
AC: What more can we do ?

BC: If you would like Jehovahs Witnesses to call at your home to help you understand what God will do in the near future, they will be happy to do so and will give you more information about Gods Kingdom.
AC: If you would like Jehovahs Witnesses to call at your home to help you understand what God will do in the near future , they will be happy to do so and will give you more information about Gods Kingdom .

BC: What does education do?
AC: What does education do ?

BC: She lodged a case at the Banjara Hills police station.
AC: She lodged a case at the Banjara Hills police station .

BC: From the point of stairs and the area inside the cave should be declared silence zone, the bench said.
AC: From the point of stairs and the area inside the cave should be declared silence zone , the bench said .

BC: Shahid in Arabic means witness.
AC: Shahid in Arabic means witness .

BC: And Philip said, If thou believest with all thine heart, thou mayest. And he answered and said, I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God.
AC: And Philip said , If thou believest with all thine heart , thou mayest . And he answered and said , I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God .

BC: He received minor injury.
AC: He received minor injury .

BC: 40 foreign delegations, from Italy, Belgium, China, America, Australia, Hong Kong, Sweden, Spain, Switzerland, Thailand, Poland, Malaysia, Indonesia and Hungary, are participating in the summit.
AC: 40 foreign delegations , from Italy , Belgium , China , America , Australia , Hong Kong , Sweden , Spain , Switzerland , Thailand , Poland , Malaysia , Indonesia and Hungary , are participating in the summit .

BC: He is stable.
AC: He is stable .

BC: Thats why, he seems unable to assert himself.
AC: Thats why , he seems unable to assert himself .

BC: And I believe that the youth of Chhattisgarh will be benefited.
AC: And I believe that the youth of Chhattisgarh will be benefited .

BC: CSK had recently retained MS Dhoni, Suresh Raina and Ravindra Jadeja .
AC: CSK had recently retained MS Dhoni , Suresh Raina and Ravindra Jadeja .

BC: He said this is a criminal offence.
AC: He said this is a criminal offence .

BC: Hrithik Roshan is separated from his wife Suzanne.
AC: Hrithik Roshan is separated from his wife Suzanne .

BC: However, the locals stopped him.
AC: However , the locals stopped him .

BC: I wrote three short stories.
AC: I wrote three short stories .

BC: So what do women really want?
AC: So what do women really want ?

BC: 25 lakh crore.
AC: 25 lakh crore .

BC: Tea is also enjoyed both at home or outside at cafs, bars, or restaurants.
AC: Tea is also enjoyed both at home or outside at cafs , bars , or restaurants .

BC: Super Overs aren't really our friends: Kane Williamson
AC: Super Overs aren 't really our friends : Kane Williamson

BC: Whats happened?
AC: Whats happened ?

BC: All welcome.
AC: All welcome .

BC: Police have arrested the accused in the case.
AC: Police have arrested the accused in the case .

BC: Never should we forget that Jehovah requires wholehearted obedience and exclusive devotion.
AC: Never should we forget that Jehovah requires wholehearted obedience and exclusive devotion .

BC: We are counseled here to abide by Gods reminders his law, or teaching, and his commandments recorded in the Bible.
AC: We are counseled here to abide by Gods reminders his law , or teaching , and his commandments recorded in the Bible .

BC: The results will then be displayed.
AC: The results will then be displayed .

BC: Wait. What exactly did she say?
AC: Wait . What exactly did she say ?

BC: Houses were damaged as trees collapsed.
AC: Houses were damaged as trees collapsed .

BC: The makers are planning to release the film in month of May.
AC: The makers are planning to release the film in month of May .

BC: It is also profitable.
AC: It is also profitable .

BC: Hollywood chalo!
AC: Hollywood chalo !

BC: He expressed grief over the accident.
AC: He expressed grief over the accident .

BC: The cost of to transport will be reduced.
AC: The cost of to transport will be reduced .

BC: Shami said this during a live session on Instagram with Bengal cricketer Manoj Tiwary.
AC: Shami said this during a live session on Instagram with Bengal cricketer Manoj Tiwary .

BC: The exam would be conducted in Visakhapatnam, Rajahmundry, Vijayawada, Nellore, Tirupati, Kurnool, and Hyderabad.
AC: The exam would be conducted in Visakhapatnam , Rajahmundry , Vijayawada , Nellore , Tirupati , Kurnool , and Hyderabad .

BC: She has signed no film in Bollywood.
AC: She has signed no film in Bollywood .

BC: This gives energy.
AC: This gives energy .

BC: India hit 22 boundaries in the first session.
AC: India hit 22 boundaries in the first session .

BC: That meant no one has made it.
AC: That meant no one has made it .

BC: The party lost all 25 seats of Rajasthan and won one seat out of 29 in Madhya Pradesh and two out of 11 in Chhattisgarh.
AC: The party lost all 25 seats of Rajasthan and won one seat out of 29 in Madhya Pradesh and two out of 11 in Chhattisgarh .

BC: There is a discussion about cotton.
AC: There is a discussion about cotton .

BC: They enjoy romantic relationships but do not want the responsibility of marriage.
AC: They enjoy romantic relationships but do not want the responsibility of marriage .

BC: This meanwhile...
AC: This meanwhile ...

BC: It is scary.
AC: It is scary .

BC: This information is not correct.
AC: This information is not correct .

BC: """I know in my heart this child is ours,"
AC: " " " I know in my heart this child is ours , "

BC: She plays an adulteress in this film.
AC: She plays an adulteress in this film .

BC: You are not a convict.
AC: You are not a convict .

BC: 10 crores.
AC: 10 crores .

BC: The proposal was forwarded to the Centre for funding.
AC: The proposal was forwarded to the Centre for funding .

BC: A packet contains 10 parathas.
AC: A packet contains 10 parathas .

BC: The incident took place in Krishna district's Nandigama Village.
AC: The incident took place in Krishna district 's Nandigama Village .

BC: Once the app is installed and initialized on your mobile, you can find the EPFO option from the apps home page.
AC: Once the app is installed and initialized on your mobile , you can find the EPFO option from the apps home page .

BC: The video has gone viral across social media platforms including, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.
AC: The video has gone viral across social media platforms including , Facebook , Twitter and YouTube .

BC: The second factor is growth.
AC: The second factor is growth .

BC: Use money.
AC: Use money .

BC: External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said she was pained to know about the murder and that she was in constant touch with India's Consulate in Sydney which is providing all help
AC: External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said she was pained to know about the murder and that she was in constant touch with India 's Consulate in Sydney which is providing all help

BC: Uproar in Parliament over Rahul's remarks
AC: Uproar in Parliament over Rahul 's remarks

BC: The market is expecting bigger reforms from the current Finance Minister - Nirmala Sitharaman to address the economic loopholes aggressively.
AC: The market is expecting bigger reforms from the current Finance Minister - Nirmala Sitharaman to address the economic loopholes aggressively .

BC: Which movie is this?
AC: Which movie is this ?

BC: The balance amount of Rs. 12000 per motorized tricycle is contributed by District Red Cross Society, Firozpur.
AC: The balance amount of Rs. 12000 per motorized tricycle is contributed by District Red Cross Society , Firozpur .

BC: But she did not give up hope.
AC: But she did not give up hope .

BC: Werent they taught letter-writing in school?
AC: Werent they taught letter-writing in school ?

BC: The Minister was informed that out of 10200 beds which are ready at SPCCC, right now 2000 are in use
AC: The Minister was informed that out of 10200 beds which are ready at SPCCC , right now 2000 are in use

BC: The couple later raise two daughters.
AC: The couple later raise two daughters .

BC: The doors of the house were open.
AC: The doors of the house were open .

BC: Can this be stopped?
AC: Can this be stopped ?

BC: Breast cancer is the second most common cancer in women.
AC: Breast cancer is the second most common cancer in women .

BC: Not so this time.
AC: Not so this time .

BC: 2 lakhs, he said.
AC: 2 lakhs , he said .

BC: Yasouj/National
AC: Yasouj / National

BC: Remember Director Maruthi?
AC: Remember Director Maruthi ?

BC: Best Hindi Film: Newton
AC: Best Hindi Film : Newton

BC: Zhou consistently refused to accept the legitimacy of India's territorial claims. he proposed that any negotiations had to take into account the facts on the ground.
AC: Zhou consistently refused to accept the legitimacy of India 's territorial claims. he proposed that any negotiations had to take into account the facts on the ground .

BC: It contains proteins, fats, carbohydrates, minerals and vitamins.
AC: It contains proteins , fats , carbohydrates , minerals and vitamins .

BC: Yes sir!
AC: Yes sir !

BC: Keep your attention on the fingers on your forehead as you take breaths.
AC: Keep your attention on the fingers on your forehead as you take breaths .

BC: Meanwhile, investigation in this matter is underway
AC: Meanwhile , investigation in this matter is underway

BC: What could be the reasons for this?
AC: What could be the reasons for this ?

BC: 50 crores.
AC: 50 crores .

BC: There is a very big reason behind that.
AC: There is a very big reason behind that .

BC: But the results have been disappointing.
AC: But the results have been disappointing .

BC: A loss of Rs 25 lakh is estimated.
AC: A loss of Rs 25 lakh is estimated .

BC: What has he done wrong?
AC: What has he done wrong ?

BC: Khajuraho is a small village in Chhatarpur District of Madhya Pradesh, India.
AC: Khajuraho is a small village in Chhatarpur District of Madhya Pradesh , India .

BC: 54 crore.
AC: 54 crore .

BC: The bride then goes to her in-laws.
AC: The bride then goes to her in-laws .

BC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP president Amit Shah criss-crossed the poll-bound segments campaigning for BJP candidates.
AC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP president Amit Shah criss-crossed the poll-bound segments campaigning for BJP candidates .

BC: He has requested immediate action in this regard.
AC: He has requested immediate action in this regard .

BC: "Citing a recent clash between SP and BSP workers in Ghazipur, Modi said, ""The workers of SP and BSP were hitting each others, hurling abuses, tearing each others clothes, and the entire country witnessed this."
AC: " Citing a recent clash between SP and BSP workers in Ghazipur , Modi said , " " The workers of SP and BSP were hitting each others , hurling abuses , tearing each others clothes , and the entire country witnessed this . "

BC: Speculations are rife that he is likely to defect to the BJP.
AC: Speculations are rife that he is likely to defect to the BJP .

BC: However, fear not.
AC: However , fear not .

BC: The spyware was reportedly developed by the Israeli cyber intelligence company NSO Group.
AC: The spyware was reportedly developed by the Israeli cyber intelligence company NSO Group .

BC: It is going viral on social media.
AC: It is going viral on social media .

BC: I thought it was the end.
AC: I thought it was the end .

BC: British Prime Minister Boris Johnson was supposed to visit India for the event but he had to cancel his trip due to the surging coronavirus cases in his country.
AC: British Prime Minister Boris Johnson was supposed to visit India for the event but he had to cancel his trip due to the surging coronavirus cases in his country .

BC: """Supreme Court had given the decision."
AC: " " " Supreme Court had given the decision . "

BC: 8 LAKH PEOPLE USING IT AS FIRST LANGUAGE.
AC: 8 LAKH PEOPLE USING IT AS FIRST LANGUAGE .

BC: Botswana has transformed itself from one of the poorest countries in the world to an upper middle-income country.
AC: Botswana has transformed itself from one of the poorest countries in the world to an upper middle-income country .

BC: Does she die?
AC: Does she die ?

BC: Three people were killed and at least six others were injured in the accident.
AC: Three people were killed and at least six others were injured in the accident .

BC: The final song in the second collection of psalms, Psalm 72, is about Solomons rulership, foreshadowing conditions that will prevail under the Messiahs reign.
AC: The final song in the second collection of psalms , Psalm 72 , is about Solomons rulership , foreshadowing conditions that will prevail under the Messiahs reign .

BC: Who are you to comment?
AC: Who are you to comment ?

BC: A force of nature.
AC: A force of nature .

BC: Congress leader Rahul Gandhi said violence is not the solution to any problem.
AC: Congress leader Rahul Gandhi said violence is not the solution to any problem .

BC: The camera work of the film is top notch and the visuals are stunning.
AC: The camera work of the film is top notch and the visuals are stunning .

BC: Kaushal admitted that he had not been invited to Bigg Boss contestant Bhanu Shri's birthday celebrations.
AC: Kaushal admitted that he had not been invited to Bigg Boss contestant Bhanu Shri 's birthday celebrations .

BC: Out of Rs 3100 crore, a sum of approximately Rs.2000 crore will be earmarked for the purchase of ventilators, Rs.1000 crores will be used for care of migrant labourers and Rs.100 crores will be given to support vaccine development.
AC: Out of Rs 3100 crore , a sum of approximately Rs.2000 crore will be earmarked for the purchase of ventilators , Rs.1000 crores will be used for care of migrant labourers and Rs.100 crores will be given to support vaccine development .

BC: I loved pets from my childhood.
AC: I loved pets from my childhood .

BC: 50 lakh.
AC: 50 lakh .

BC: I dont believe.
AC: I dont believe .

BC: But he didnt budge.
AC: But he didnt budge .

BC: Am I getting married?
AC: Am I getting married ?

BC: Food may run short. Property may be lost.
AC: Food may run short . Property may be lost .

BC: It has let go of hundreds of employees.
AC: It has let go of hundreds of employees .

BC: But why didnt he?
AC: But why didnt he ?

BC: 25 million.
AC: 25 million .

BC: The film, which stars Vin Diesel in the titular role, is helmed by DJ Caruso.
AC: The film , which stars Vin Diesel in the titular role , is helmed by DJ Caruso .

BC: Application Fee: Rs.
AC: Application Fee : Rs.

BC: he asked in an interview with NDTV.
AC: he asked in an interview with NDTV .

BC: Police rushed to the spot after being informed of the incident.
AC: Police rushed to the spot after being informed of the incident .

BC: His video is going viral on social media.
AC: His video is going viral on social media .

BC: He is super jolly and happy-go-lucky kind of a person.
AC: He is super jolly and happy-go-lucky kind of a person .

BC: Most significantly he identified the seal as an early prototype of the Hindu god Shiva (or, his Vedic predecessor, Rudra), who also was known by the title Pashupati ('lord or father of all the animals') in historic times.
AC: Most significantly he identified the seal as an early prototype of the Hindu god Shiva ( or , his Vedic predecessor , Rudra ) , who also was known by the title Pashupati ( ' lord or father of all the animals ' ) in historic times .

BC: A police vehicle was vandalised.
AC: A police vehicle was vandalised .

BC: Under his direction, the faithful and discreet slave has appointed men as shepherds in the congregations of Jehovahs Witnesses worldwide.
AC: Under his direction , the faithful and discreet slave has appointed men as shepherds in the congregations of Jehovahs Witnesses worldwide .

BC: Andhra Pradesh irrigation minister Anil Kumar Yadav had last week rubbished the allegations of the opposition parties.
AC: Andhra Pradesh irrigation minister Anil Kumar Yadav had last week rubbished the allegations of the opposition parties .

BC: What if there is a raid?
AC: What if there is a raid ?

BC: He was thinking.
AC: He was thinking .

BC: "I believe in that content."""
AC: " I believe in that content . " " "

BC: Elections are very important in a democracy.
AC: Elections are very important in a democracy .

BC: I also want to do it.
AC: I also want to do it .

BC: What's cooking in the kitchen?
AC: What 's cooking in the kitchen ?

BC: Both goalkeepers had outstanding performances.
AC: Both goalkeepers had outstanding performances .

BC: He informed that the application for loan can be submitted through PM SVANidhi portal or Mobile App.
AC: He informed that the application for loan can be submitted through PM SVANidhi portal or Mobile App .

BC: He was also the PCC president.
AC: He was also the PCC president .

BC: By this time, Bangalore had let him go.
AC: By this time , Bangalore had let him go .

BC: Who are you to ask me this question?
AC: Who are you to ask me this question ?

BC: We see them in the movies.
AC: We see them in the movies .

BC: He could not read.
AC: He could not read .

BC: She didnt speak for a while.
AC: She didnt speak for a while .

BC: Very good article.
AC: Very good article .

BC: Everybody worked towards the film.
AC: Everybody worked towards the film .

BC: I thank the court for giving this verdict.
AC: I thank the court for giving this verdict .

BC: No, he said.
AC: No , he said .

BC: I have worked very hard for this film.
AC: I have worked very hard for this film .

BC: 19 lakh crore.
AC: 19 lakh crore .

BC: "Asked about senior Congress leader Digvijaya Singh's allegation that Tomar doesn't know anything about farming, the minister said, ""Don't take him seriously."
AC: " Asked about senior Congress leader Digvijaya Singh 's allegation that Tomar doesn 't know anything about farming , the minister said , " " Don 't take him seriously . "

BC: Out of these, 17 wards had been reserved for women candidates, he said.
AC: Out of these , 17 wards had been reserved for women candidates , he said .

BC: Step 3: Fold the butterfly.
AC: Step 3 : Fold the butterfly .

BC: This festival is generally celebrated in the first week of July.
AC: This festival is generally celebrated in the first week of July .

BC: Look what just arrived.
AC: Look what just arrived .

BC: Toor Dal: 2,227.35 metric tons
AC: Toor Dal : 2,227.35 metric tons

BC: In Egypt the standards passed on for many generations.
AC: In Egypt the standards passed on for many generations .

BC: Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister YS Jaganmohan Reddy said that the recruitment process would be completed as soon as possible.
AC: Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister YS Jaganmohan Reddy said that the recruitment process would be completed as soon as possible .

BC: And Achan answered Joshua, and said, Indeed I have sinned against the LORD God of Israel, and thus and thus have I done:
AC: And Achan answered Joshua , and said , Indeed I have sinned against the LORD God of Israel , and thus and thus have I done :

BC: All elders in congregations of Jehovahs Witnesses feel the same need. Daily reading of the Scriptures will help them to act wisely.
AC: All elders in congregations of Jehovahs Witnesses feel the same need . Daily reading of the Scriptures will help them to act wisely .

BC: Exterior changes on the 2021 Audi A4 includes a wider hexagonal front grille, restyled headlamps with integrated combination LED DRLs and turn-signal indicator
AC: Exterior changes on the 2021 Audi A4 includes a wider hexagonal front grille , restyled headlamps with integrated combination LED DRLs and turn-signal indicator

BC: It commanded one of the most important trade routes between Rome and the Tigris - Euphrates Valley.
AC: It commanded one of the most important trade routes between Rome and the Tigris - Euphrates Valley .

BC: What does the BJP gain?
AC: What does the BJP gain ?

BC: It hurts.
AC: It hurts .

BC: The condition of the two injured was said to be serious.
AC: The condition of the two injured was said to be serious .

BC: "He added that ""until the end, Gorbachev reiterated his belief in socialism, insisting that it wasn't worthy of the name unless it was truly democratic."""
AC: " He added that " " until the end , Gorbachev reiterated his belief in socialism , insisting that it wasn 't worthy of the name unless it was truly democratic . " " "

BC: I love flowers!
AC: I love flowers !

BC: The Oscars are one of the most regarded, celebrated and prestigious awards in the universe of cinema.
AC: The Oscars are one of the most regarded , celebrated and prestigious awards in the universe of cinema .

BC: But thats information.
AC: But thats information .

BC: Yes Bank was the top loser in the Sensex pack, shedding 2.50 per cent, followed by Hindustan Unilever, Mahindra & Mahindra, SBI, Tata Motors and Vedanta.
AC: Yes Bank was the top loser in the Sensex pack , shedding 2.50 per cent , followed by Hindustan Unilever , Mahindra & Mahindra , SBI , Tata Motors and Vedanta .

BC: Not only that, tribals in Gujarat who were engaged to collect neem seeds for this purpose have started extracting neem oil while neem coating, and have earned up to 10 to 12 crore rupees .
AC: Not only that , tribals in Gujarat who were engaged to collect neem seeds for this purpose have started extracting neem oil while neem coating , and have earned up to 10 to 12 crore rupees .

BC: The film will reportedly be made at the cost of Rs 150 crore.
AC: The film will reportedly be made at the cost of Rs 150 crore .

BC: 8,999, respectively.
AC: 8,999 , respectively .

BC: Water is a necessity.
AC: Water is a necessity .

BC: The incident happened near Surya Temple.
AC: The incident happened near Surya Temple .

BC: The film is titled Thalaivi.
AC: The film is titled Thalaivi .

BC: This partnership demonstrates that geography is no barrier to productive partnerships of convergent interests and shared challenges.
AC: This partnership demonstrates that geography is no barrier to productive partnerships of convergent interests and shared challenges .

BC: Woman raped on Infosys campus, two arrested
AC: Woman raped on Infosys campus , two arrested

BC: "Mumbai: Bollywood star Akshay Kumar has shared his first look from upcoming film ""Robot 2.0"" starring southern superstar Rajinikanth."
AC: " Mumbai : Bollywood star Akshay Kumar has shared his first look from upcoming film " " Robot 2.0 " " starring southern superstar Rajinikanth . "

BC: Shikhar Dhawan hit a half-century.
AC: Shikhar Dhawan hit a half-century .

BC: Government revenues are stalling.
AC: Government revenues are stalling .

BC: But how is this actually working out?
AC: But how is this actually working out ?

BC: Bihar should be granted special status: CM Nitish
AC: Bihar should be granted special status : CM Nitish

BC: Snake venom worth Rs.100 crore seized, 6 arrested
AC: Snake venom worth Rs.100 crore seized , 6 arrested

BC: The related videos had gone viral on the social media.
AC: The related videos had gone viral on the social media .

BC: The study resulted in astonishing findings.
AC: The study resulted in astonishing findings .

BC: The music of the film is given by Gopi Sunder.
AC: The music of the film is given by Gopi Sunder .

BC: Except it really isnt.
AC: Except it really isnt .

BC: Two weapons can be carried at once.
AC: Two weapons can be carried at once .

BC: He immediately informed the police.
AC: He immediately informed the police .

BC: I know a few myself.
AC: I know a few myself .

BC: Trees are being cut down.
AC: Trees are being cut down .

BC: The chief ministers of both States are its members.
AC: The chief ministers of both States are its members .

BC: It is actually rather quick and simple.
AC: It is actually rather quick and simple .

BC: They have two sons.
AC: They have two sons .

BC: Rejig the army.
AC: Rejig the army .

BC: I am afraid of what might happen later.
AC: I am afraid of what might happen later .

BC: The issue came to the fore once again recently.
AC: The issue came to the fore once again recently .

BC: He is directing the film.
AC: He is directing the film .

BC: CCTVs will help deter crime.
AC: CCTVs will help deter crime .

BC: And perhaps he is.
AC: And perhaps he is .

BC: It has gone viral on social media.
AC: It has gone viral on social media .

BC: While in Telangana, the election will be held for 17 Lok Sabha seats, in Andhra Pradesh, voters will exercise their franchise to 175 MLAs and 25 MPs.
AC: While in Telangana , the election will be held for 17 Lok Sabha seats , in Andhra Pradesh , voters will exercise their franchise to 175 MLAs and 25 MPs .

BC: Does anyone think of that?
AC: Does anyone think of that ?

BC: He never asked anybody anything.
AC: He never asked anybody anything .

BC: They could learn what Gods will is for people during this period and conform to it as closely as possible.
AC: They could learn what Gods will is for people during this period and conform to it as closely as possible .

BC: The farmers, business community, students, workers, entrepreneurs are angry against the Modi government, Mr Gogoi said.
AC: The farmers , business community , students , workers , entrepreneurs are angry against the Modi government , Mr Gogoi said .

BC: If the cans look okay, they are safe to use.
AC: If the cans look okay , they are safe to use .

BC: 'Consider, please, from this day and backward, from the twenty-fourth day of the ninth month, since the day that the foundation of Yahweh's temple was laid, consider it.
AC: 'Consider , please , from this day and backward , from the twenty-fourth day of the ninth month , since the day that the foundation of Yahweh 's temple was laid , consider it .

BC: Pakistan's PM-designate Imran Khan paid tributes to former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee
AC: Pakistan 's PM-designate Imran Khan paid tributes to former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee

BC: A formal announcement regarding the film is expected to come out soon.
AC: A formal announcement regarding the film is expected to come out soon .

BC: He is survived by wife, son and a daughter.
AC: He is survived by wife , son and a daughter .

BC: The application to use for viewing files that require a component to view them. The parameter %s will be replaced by the file's URIs, the parameter %c will be replaced by the component IID.
AC: The application to use for viewing files that require a component to view them . The parameter % s will be replaced by the file 's URIs , the parameter % c will be replaced by the component IID .

BC: One shouldnt compare it with other films.
AC: One shouldnt compare it with other films .

BC: On the other hand, prices of vegetables have been fluctuating regularly.
AC: On the other hand , prices of vegetables have been fluctuating regularly .

BC: Think about yourself.
AC: Think about yourself .

BC: The injured were rushed to the government hospital by the police.
AC: The injured were rushed to the government hospital by the police .

BC: MOTOROLA ONE FUSION+ SPECIFICATIONS
AC: MOTOROLA ONE FUSION + SPECIFICATIONS

BC: Is that intentional?
AC: Is that intentional ?

BC: Try something new.
AC: Try something new .

BC: Act sensibly.
AC: Act sensibly .

BC: Parents work hard to bring up their kids.
AC: Parents work hard to bring up their kids .

BC: "When it comes to the five poll-bound states, the survey claimed the people in Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Chhattisgarh are ""currently keeping the faith in Modi""."
AC: " When it comes to the five poll-bound states , the survey claimed the people in Madhya Pradesh , Rajasthan and Chhattisgarh are " " currently keeping the faith in Modi " . " "

BC: Follow these tips.
AC: Follow these tips .

BC: It is known.
AC: It is known .

BC: His knock contained eight fours and three sixes.
AC: His knock contained eight fours and three sixes .

BC: Contentment comes from strength.
AC: Contentment comes from strength .

BC: The dad is dead.
AC: The dad is dead .

BC: Let Them Play.
AC: Let Them Play .

BC: Shri Pokhriyal thanked all the parents for joining this webinar and said that next week he will communicate with the students through the webinar.
AC: Shri Pokhriyal thanked all the parents for joining this webinar and said that next week he will communicate with the students through the webinar .

BC: Bollywood actress Sonali Bendre Behl has been diagnosed with cancer.
AC: Bollywood actress Sonali Bendre Behl has been diagnosed with cancer .

BC: 12500 respectively.
AC: 12500 respectively .

BC: Annie wrote short stories, books for children, and articles.
AC: Annie wrote short stories , books for children , and articles .

BC: Setback for BJP in UP, SP wins 8 seats
AC: Setback for BJP in UP , SP wins 8 seats

BC: They need to be stopped.
AC: They need to be stopped .

BC: For that, special arrangements have been made.
AC: For that , special arrangements have been made .

BC: Thereafter many films shoot and television shoots were stalled.
AC: Thereafter many films shoot and television shoots were stalled .

BC: It had created problems for them, they said.
AC: It had created problems for them , they said .

BC: Her name means cooling water.
AC: Her name means cooling water .

BC: But BJP president Amit Shah had claimed that AAP voters have multiple entries in the voters list.
AC: But BJP president Amit Shah had claimed that AAP voters have multiple entries in the voters list .

BC: We are angry.
AC: We are angry .

BC: Similar is the situation in the health sector.
AC: Similar is the situation in the health sector .

BC: Kabir Singh is a Hindi remake of the Telugu hit, Arjun Reddy, written and directed by Sandeep Reddy Vanga.
AC: Kabir Singh is a Hindi remake of the Telugu hit , Arjun Reddy , written and directed by Sandeep Reddy Vanga .

BC: The police said that no untoward incidents.
AC: The police said that no untoward incidents .

BC: Who wrote the book?
AC: Who wrote the book ?

BC: Everything will get done in time.
AC: Everything will get done in time .

BC: That century ended with democratic rule gaining greater acceptance than ever before.
AC: That century ended with democratic rule gaining greater acceptance than ever before .

BC: The number of casualties is expected to rise.
AC: The number of casualties is expected to rise .

BC: %s - Add Tracker
AC: % s - Add Tracker

BC: The end of revolution.
AC: The end of revolution .

BC: You will also get good results in the financial field.
AC: You will also get good results in the financial field .

BC: The Presidential candidate who receives the most votes in each State gets all of the electoral votes for that State.
AC: The Presidential candidate who receives the most votes in each State gets all of the electoral votes for that State .

BC: India has taken a bold stand.
AC: India has taken a bold stand .

BC: The game was eventually called off.
AC: The game was eventually called off .

BC: Thankful to entire team.
AC: Thankful to entire team .

BC: There was no other information on a possible motive, police said.
AC: There was no other information on a possible motive , police said .

BC: Ahmedabad Blasts: Police release 3 sketches
AC: Ahmedabad Blasts : Police release 3 sketches

BC: She then studied at Kolkata's Presidency College.
AC: She then studied at Kolkata 's Presidency College .

BC: However, there was no casualty, officials said.
AC: However , there was no casualty , officials said .

BC: Pakistan win by 49 runs.
AC: Pakistan win by 49 runs .

BC: Get thee up into the top of Pisgah, and lift up thine eyes westward, and northward, and southward, and eastward, and behold it with thine eyes: for thou shalt not go over this Jordan.
AC: Get thee up into the top of Pisgah , and lift up thine eyes westward , and northward , and southward , and eastward , and behold it with thine eyes : for thou shalt not go over this Jordan .

BC: "Jesus answered, ""If I glorify myself, my glory is nothing. It is my Father who glorifies me, of whom you say that he is our God."
AC: " Jesus answered , " " If I glorify myself , my glory is nothing . It is my Father who glorifies me , of whom you say that he is our God . "

BC: What is the politics involved?
AC: What is the politics involved ?

BC: Their goals are quite different.
AC: Their goals are quite different .

BC: There are three other employees.
AC: There are three other employees .

BC: Finally, the Supreme Court granted him bail.
AC: Finally , the Supreme Court granted him bail .

BC: The TDP had fought the poll then in alliance with the BJP.
AC: The TDP had fought the poll then in alliance with the BJP .

BC: This isnt a standard Web page, so you cant take a screenshot of it.
AC: This isnt a standard Web page , so you cant take a screenshot of it .

BC: The incident took place in Shahjahanpur district of Uttar Pradesh.
AC: The incident took place in Shahjahanpur district of Uttar Pradesh .

BC: They have fled to Pakistan.
AC: They have fled to Pakistan .

BC: The low-lying areas of the state were inundated following heavy rains.
AC: The low-lying areas of the state were inundated following heavy rains .

BC: This is the secret of success.
AC: This is the secret of success .

BC: However, no serious untoward incident took place.
AC: However , no serious untoward incident took place .

BC: Hrithik Roshan and Kangana Ranaut's legal battle is getting murkier by the day.
AC: Hrithik Roshan and Kangana Ranaut 's legal battle is getting murkier by the day .

BC: It was found that those with blood group 'O' are less susceptible to the infection, while those who have blood groups 'B' and 'AB' are at higher risk.
AC: It was found that those with blood group ' O ' are less susceptible to the infection , while those who have blood groups ' B ' and ' AB ' are at higher risk .

BC: He was later shifted to Chanchalguda Prison.
AC: He was later shifted to Chanchalguda Prison .

BC: Who do you (Rahul Gandhi) support?
AC: Who do you ( Rahul Gandhi ) support ?

BC: Apply before going to bed and wash in the morning.
AC: Apply before going to bed and wash in the morning .

BC: Jute, fresh meat, fish chicken, eggs, milk, buttermilk, curd, natural honey, fresh fruits and vegetables, flour, besan, bread, prasad, salt, bindi.
AC: Jute , fresh meat , fish chicken , eggs , milk , buttermilk , curd , natural honey , fresh fruits and vegetables , flour , besan , bread , prasad , salt , bindi .

BC: 30 crore, Rs.
AC: 30 crore , Rs.

BC: I know all that.
AC: I know all that .

BC: Directed by Trivikram Srinivas, Ala Vaikunthapurramuloo stars Allu Arjun and Pooja Hegde in the lead role.
AC: Directed by Trivikram Srinivas , Ala Vaikunthapurramuloo stars Allu Arjun and Pooja Hegde in the lead role .

BC: China killed our 20 jawans at India-China border.
AC: China killed our 20 jawans at India-China border .

BC: This does not mean the Congress is irrelevant.
AC: This does not mean the Congress is irrelevant .

BC: A bottle of alcohol was found in the car.
AC: A bottle of alcohol was found in the car .

BC: An actor, a cinematographer and a director.
AC: An actor , a cinematographer and a director .

BC: While there were no indigenous manufacturers of laboratory diagnostics or testing machines for Covid, today we have an indigenous production capacity of more than 10 lakh kits/day.
AC: While there were no indigenous manufacturers of laboratory diagnostics or testing machines for Covid , today we have an indigenous production capacity of more than 10 lakh kits / day .

BC: You might spend some time with friends.
AC: You might spend some time with friends .

BC: Total cases in TN : 3,32,105. Active cases: 54,213. Deaths: 5641
AC: Total cases in TN : 3,32,105 . Active cases : 54,213 . Deaths : 5641

BC: There is nothing more valuable than health.
AC: There is nothing more valuable than health .

BC: Mumbai: Actress Priyanka Chopra believes that apart from actresses, actors also face the casting couch
AC: Mumbai : Actress Priyanka Chopra believes that apart from actresses , actors also face the casting couch

BC: Wireless mouse is low in power (%.0f%%)
AC: Wireless mouse is low in power ( % .0f % % )

BC: The issue had created a political outrage across the country.
AC: The issue had created a political outrage across the country .

BC: One over the other.
AC: One over the other .

BC: In the previous elections, Pawan had campaigned for TDP-BJP alliance.
AC: In the previous elections , Pawan had campaigned for TDP-BJP alliance .

BC: They immediately informed the forest department officials.
AC: They immediately informed the forest department officials .

BC: He said he would change it.
AC: He said he would change it .

BC: Theres no doubt.
AC: Theres no doubt .

BC: This classic airfoil design enables each flight feather to act like a tiny wing in itself.
AC: This classic airfoil design enables each flight feather to act like a tiny wing in itself .

BC: Even if youths are in their late teens and have shown that they can act responsibly, there is still a need to help them to flee from the desires incidental to youth. 2 Timothy 2: 22.
AC: Even if youths are in their late teens and have shown that they can act responsibly , there is still a need to help them to flee from the desires incidental to youth . 2 Timothy 2 : 22 .

BC: Unitedly they said: All that Jehovah has spoken we are willing to do and be obedient.
AC: Unitedly they said : All that Jehovah has spoken we are willing to do and be obedient .

BC: Then one day she opened a new Bible that her daughter had left on a table.
AC: Then one day she opened a new Bible that her daughter had left on a table .

BC: Mahesh Babu and Rashmika Mandanna play the lead roles in the film.
AC: Mahesh Babu and Rashmika Mandanna play the lead roles in the film .

BC: Andhra Pradesh State Election Commission and State Government are at loggerheads regarding the conduct of local body elections.
AC: Andhra Pradesh State Election Commission and State Government are at loggerheads regarding the conduct of local body elections .

BC: New Delhi, Nov 15: Congress celebrated former Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru's 125th birth anniversary in New Delhi
AC: New Delhi , Nov 15 : Congress celebrated former Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru 's 125th birth anniversary in New Delhi

BC: India are currently taking on Australia in the third ODI match in Bangaluru.
AC: India are currently taking on Australia in the third ODI match in Bangaluru .

BC: Traders said increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers mainly pushed up silver prices.
AC: Traders said increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers mainly pushed up silver prices .

BC: A search for the child is underway, the police said.
AC: A search for the child is underway , the police said .

BC: 33,000 crore.
AC: 33,000 crore .

BC: New Delhi: The Reserve Bank on India (RBI) on May 22 said India's gross domestic product (GDP) growth will be in negative territory in 2020-21 as the outbreak of coronavirus has disrupted economic activities
AC: New Delhi : The Reserve Bank on India ( RBI ) on May 22 said India 's gross domestic product ( GDP ) growth will be in negative territory in 2020-21 as the outbreak of coronavirus has disrupted economic activities

BC: But I really like you, I love you.
AC: But I really like you , I love you .

BC: Is everybody the same?
AC: Is everybody the same ?

BC: And there came a certain poor widow, and she threw in two mites, which make a farthing.
AC: And there came a certain poor widow , and she threw in two mites , which make a farthing .

BC: undergoing treatment at a private hospital.
AC: undergoing treatment at a private hospital .

BC: come on!
AC: come on !

BC: Who is Jagmeet Singh?
AC: Who is Jagmeet Singh ?

BC: Sad, isnt it?
AC: Sad , isnt it ?

BC: The government acknowledges this.
AC: The government acknowledges this .

BC: Thats the thing about making movies.
AC: Thats the thing about making movies .

BC: The injured were rushed to the Civil Hospital Samrala.
AC: The injured were rushed to the Civil Hospital Samrala .

BC: Several people are believed to have been trapped under the debris.
AC: Several people are believed to have been trapped under the debris .

BC: The police said they have registered the cases and are trying to trace the phones.
AC: The police said they have registered the cases and are trying to trace the phones .

BC: Thats why this book.
AC: Thats why this book .

BC: If your giving is motivated by genuine love and concern for the recipients, your gifts will likely be received with joy and you will experience the greater happiness that comes from true generosity.
AC: If your giving is motivated by genuine love and concern for the recipients , your gifts will likely be received with joy and you will experience the greater happiness that comes from true generosity .

BC: But I had had an idea.
AC: But I had had an idea .

BC: Following his arrest,he could not continue his studies.
AC: Following his arrest , he could not continue his studies .

BC: Only after the postmortem report the whole truth will come out.
AC: Only after the postmortem report the whole truth will come out .

BC: Be not far from me. for trouble is near. for there is none to help.
AC: Be not far from me. for trouble is near. for there is none to help .

BC: Lets find out more!
AC: Lets find out more !

BC: Rapist father kills wife, girl
AC: Rapist father kills wife , girl

BC: Police are scanning the CCTV footage of the incident for clues.
AC: Police are scanning the CCTV footage of the incident for clues .

BC: We undertook the worlds largest and most successful financial inclusion programme.
AC: We undertook the worlds largest and most successful financial inclusion programme .

BC: Donations can be made online, by telephone and through Facebook and PayPal.
AC: Donations can be made online , by telephone and through Facebook and PayPal .

BC: When will it air?
AC: When will it air ?

BC: Parents must:
AC: Parents must :

BC: {0} day
AC: { 0 } day

BC: Iron is necessary for production of haemoglobin.
AC: Iron is necessary for production of haemoglobin .

BC: Chidambaram was then the Finance Minister.
AC: Chidambaram was then the Finance Minister .

BC: But he didnt come back home.
AC: But he didnt come back home .

BC: Vamshi and Pramod are producing the film under UV Creations.
AC: Vamshi and Pramod are producing the film under UV Creations .

BC: Her husband filed a police complaint.
AC: Her husband filed a police complaint .

BC: He cannot walk.
AC: He cannot walk .

BC: Nellore: YSR Congress Party leader and Kavali MLA Ramireddi Pratap Kumar Reddy was placed under house arrest by the police near here today
AC: Nellore : YSR Congress Party leader and Kavali MLA Ramireddi Pratap Kumar Reddy was placed under house arrest by the police near here today

BC: Sonam too shared pictures on Instagram.
AC: Sonam too shared pictures on Instagram .

BC: Are the two parties coming together only for political gains?
AC: Are the two parties coming together only for political gains ?

BC: I love Shopify for a commerce based website.
AC: I love Shopify for a commerce based website .

BC: That last factor is very important.
AC: That last factor is very important .

BC: Its of much delight to their fans.
AC: Its of much delight to their fans .

BC: Consider the events of the more recent past.
AC: Consider the events of the more recent past .

BC: Four people, including a woman, died in the clash, according to police.
AC: Four people , including a woman , died in the clash , according to police .

BC: Movie shoot is expected to start from next month in Hyderabad.
AC: Movie shoot is expected to start from next month in Hyderabad .

BC: Is ghee good for pregnant women?
AC: Is ghee good for pregnant women ?

BC: The exam will be held online and will be of total 100 marks.
AC: The exam will be held online and will be of total 100 marks .

BC: There is no kidding each other.
AC: There is no kidding each other .

BC: Friends, the most common amongst the common folk of the country has felt this transformation
AC: Friends , the most common amongst the common folk of the country has felt this transformation

BC: Others share meals with local full - time ministers, help the needy, or in some other way give of themselves and of their resources to support the Kingdom work.
AC: Others share meals with local full - time ministers , help the needy , or in some other way give of themselves and of their resources to support the Kingdom work .

BC: The film will release in three languages, Hindi, Tamil and Telugu.
AC: The film will release in three languages , Hindi , Tamil and Telugu .

BC: So, overall the quality improvement must happen in terms of reduction in quality loss, which is a notional loss, again levied upon the system.
AC: So , overall the quality improvement must happen in terms of reduction in quality loss , which is a notional loss , again levied upon the system .

BC: Application Fee: Rs.
AC: Application Fee : Rs.

BC: Because of human imperfection, difficulties or problems may arise.
AC: Because of human imperfection , difficulties or problems may arise .

BC: Its release was postponed several times before.
AC: Its release was postponed several times before .

BC: In Wednesday's T20 World Cup match against Bangladesh, Kohli proved that he loves his country very much
AC: In Wednesday 's T20 World Cup match against Bangladesh , Kohli proved that he loves his country very much

BC: Well educated.
AC: Well educated .

BC: The polls were held in 12 districts except Vizianagaram.
AC: The polls were held in 12 districts except Vizianagaram .

BC: How does Ayurveda beat diabetes?
AC: How does Ayurveda beat diabetes ?

BC: Team India all-rounder Hardik Pandya is all set to make a comeback to the national team after missing out on the West Indies tour.
AC: Team India all-rounder Hardik Pandya is all set to make a comeback to the national team after missing out on the West Indies tour .

BC: The funds are will be used for expansion.
AC: The funds are will be used for expansion .

BC: India are 2-0 up in the ongoing five-match T20I series.
AC: India are 2-0 up in the ongoing five-match T20I series .

BC: Called the Suzuki iV-4, the concept has debuted at the 65th IAA Frankfurt Auto Show 2013
AC: Called the Suzuki iV-4 , the concept has debuted at the 65th IAA Frankfurt Auto Show 2013

BC: She has overseen programs that advanced access to schools, employment centers, and community facilities that are safe for pedestrians, bicyclists, transit users, and those with disability.
AC: She has overseen programs that advanced access to schools , employment centers , and community facilities that are safe for pedestrians , bicyclists , transit users , and those with disability .

BC: The film was made on a budget of Rs 4 cr.
AC: The film was made on a budget of Rs 4 cr .

BC: Is this nationalism?
AC: Is this nationalism ?

BC: Reliance Industries (RIL) is the first Indian company to achieve this feat.
AC: Reliance Industries ( RIL ) is the first Indian company to achieve this feat .

BC: I was waiting for that.
AC: I was waiting for that .

BC: Are people ready for that?
AC: Are people ready for that ?

BC: Facebook also confirmed that Athena is their project.
AC: Facebook also confirmed that Athena is their project .

BC: And yet I did.
AC: And yet I did .

BC: All the Best!
AC: All the Best !

BC: No processing fee.
AC: No processing fee .

BC: Theres so much information available on the internet.
AC: Theres so much information available on the internet .

BC: Another meeting in this regard will be held next week.
AC: Another meeting in this regard will be held next week .

BC: Modi had never claimed this.
AC: Modi had never claimed this .

BC: He is a very good director as well as actor.
AC: He is a very good director as well as actor .

BC: This is what happened in Gujarat also.
AC: This is what happened in Gujarat also .

BC: The earliest extant Tamil writings, which are attributed to the third Sangam, contain Sanskrit vocabulary, and thus could not have been the creation of a purely Tamil civilization.
AC: The earliest extant Tamil writings , which are attributed to the third Sangam , contain Sanskrit vocabulary , and thus could not have been the creation of a purely Tamil civilization .

BC: """, Modi said."
AC: " " , " Modi said . "

BC: Elders can provide spiritual help in various ways.
AC: Elders can provide spiritual help in various ways .

BC: Jehovah God did what was just and fair.
AC: Jehovah God did what was just and fair .

BC: But I must leave you.
AC: But I must leave you .

BC: Captain Virat Kohli has been rested from the upcoming tournament and vice-captain Rohit Sharma has been named the skipper.
AC: Captain Virat Kohli has been rested from the upcoming tournament and vice-captain Rohit Sharma has been named the skipper .

BC: The film released last month.
AC: The film released last month .

BC: Its fear.
AC: Its fear .

BC: A successful career may give you a false sense of security, leading to disappointment or, worse, a disastrous fall.
AC: A successful career may give you a false sense of security , leading to disappointment or , worse , a disastrous fall .

BC: The Indian teams openers, Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma have been performing consistently.
AC: The Indian teams openers , Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma have been performing consistently .

BC: Everything must go.
AC: Everything must go .

BC: It is powered by the MediaTek Dimensity 820 processor.
AC: It is powered by the MediaTek Dimensity 820 processor .

BC: Conditions are grim.
AC: Conditions are grim .

BC: Brother Blanton recommended that the children sit in on our study.
AC: Brother Blanton recommended that the children sit in on our study .

BC: For a while, he dozed off.
AC: For a while , he dozed off .

BC: But it doesn't go beyond that
AC: But it doesn 't go beyond that

BC: Later, locals handed over him to police.
AC: Later , locals handed over him to police .

BC: According to the report, there were about 3.08 lakh cubic meters of sand at the Palleru Bitragunta canal
AC: According to the report , there were about 3.08 lakh cubic meters of sand at the Palleru Bitragunta canal

BC: Every character in this film has an important part.
AC: Every character in this film has an important part .

BC: Most contemporary scientists thought that the Earth had been gradually cooling down since its birth as a molten globe.
AC: Most contemporary scientists thought that the Earth had been gradually cooling down since its birth as a molten globe .

BC: This process is also quicker.
AC: This process is also quicker .

BC: It is due to the BJP.
AC: It is due to the BJP .

BC: Keep your arms spread on both sides.
AC: Keep your arms spread on both sides .

BC: Remember, at one point, Moses did not feel qualified for an assignment.
AC: Remember , at one point , Moses did not feel qualified for an assignment .

BC: Later, he was handed over to Police.
AC: Later , he was handed over to Police .

BC: 50 lakh.
AC: 50 lakh .

BC: In a loud, clear voice, she answered two questions that the speaker posed. Shortly afterward, she got baptized.
AC: In a loud , clear voice , she answered two questions that the speaker posed . Shortly afterward , she got baptized .

BC: Protests are increasing by the day.
AC: Protests are increasing by the day .

BC: He agreed to this.
AC: He agreed to this .

BC: There are no vehicle plying on the roads.
AC: There are no vehicle plying on the roads .

BC: He demanded the government to help the tenant farmers.
AC: He demanded the government to help the tenant farmers .

BC: The plan was changed.
AC: The plan was changed .

BC: Britains new Prime Minister Boris Johnsons already slim parliamentary majority has been cut down further to just one with the loss of an MP to the anti-Brexit Liberal Democrat party in a by-election in Wales.
AC: Britains new Prime Minister Boris Johnsons already slim parliamentary majority has been cut down further to just one with the loss of an MP to the anti-Brexit Liberal Democrat party in a by-election in Wales .

BC: Singh's comments can be seen in the context of a recent incident in Uttar Pradesh's capital where a police jawan allegedly killed an unarmed MNC executive.
AC: Singh 's comments can be seen in the context of a recent incident in Uttar Pradesh 's capital where a police jawan allegedly killed an unarmed MNC executive .

BC: India would not be cowed down by such actions, he asserted.
AC: India would not be cowed down by such actions , he asserted .

BC: Superstar Mahesh's out & out mass entertainer 'Sarileru Neekevvaru' Presented by Dil Raju in Sri Venkateswara Creations, Produced by RamaBrahmam Sunkara under GMB Entertainment and AK Entertainments banners is Directed by Young Talented Director Anil Ravipudi .
AC: Superstar Mahesh 's out & out mass entertainer ' Sarileru Neekevvaru ' Presented by Dil Raju in Sri Venkateswara Creations , Produced by RamaBrahmam Sunkara under GMB Entertainment and AK Entertainments banners is Directed by Young Talented Director Anil Ravipudi .

BC: """The Mahindra Classics are the embodiment of our legacy and our spirit of blazing a trail where no one has been before"
AC: " " " The Mahindra Classics are the embodiment of our legacy and our spirit of blazing a trail where no one has been before "

BC: Tip in the chilli powder, turmeric powder and pepper.
AC: Tip in the chilli powder , turmeric powder and pepper .

BC: But they arent.
AC: But they arent .

BC: The situation is much more serious in developing lands.
AC: The situation is much more serious in developing lands .

BC: The ruling coalition has 117 members- 79 of the Congress, 37 of the JD(S) and one of the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP)
AC: The ruling coalition has 117 members- 79 of the Congress , 37 of the JD ( S ) and one of the Bahujan Samaj Party ( BSP )

BC: BJP MP Subramanian Swamy stressed that the construction of Ram temple is non-negotiable.
AC: BJP MP Subramanian Swamy stressed that the construction of Ram temple is non-negotiable .

BC: You have to choose.
AC: You have to choose .

BC: Srinivasa Reddy said.
AC: Srinivasa Reddy said .

BC: He that hath a froward heart findeth no good: and he that hath a perverse tongue falleth into mischief.
AC: He that hath a froward heart findeth no good : and he that hath a perverse tongue falleth into mischief .

BC: The video became quite a hit.
AC: The video became quite a hit .

BC: The police has registered a case and is investigating the matter.
AC: The police has registered a case and is investigating the matter .

BC: He also said that the NCP was willing to join hands with the Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena, but the Congress was not ready for that.
AC: He also said that the NCP was willing to join hands with the Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena , but the Congress was not ready for that .

BC: Sunil Gavaskar on India-Pakistan series.
AC: Sunil Gavaskar on India-Pakistan series .

BC: With this, total cases rise to 213 in the state.
AC: With this , total cases rise to 213 in the state .

BC: Vasaloppet (in the beginning of March) is the oldest, longest and largest cross-country ski race in the world.
AC: Vasaloppet ( in the beginning of March ) is the oldest , longest and largest cross-country ski race in the world .

BC: Cultural programmes also formed part of the event.
AC: Cultural programmes also formed part of the event .

BC: There are also playgrounds for children.
AC: There are also playgrounds for children .

BC: I have done several films there.
AC: I have done several films there .

BC: Every weekend, we used to go for movies.
AC: Every weekend , we used to go for movies .

BC: They were four boys and three girls.
AC: They were four boys and three girls .

BC: The film features comedian Priyadarshi in the lead role.
AC: The film features comedian Priyadarshi in the lead role .

BC: Place another bread slice over it and cover it.
AC: Place another bread slice over it and cover it .

BC: I have no anger against him.
AC: I have no anger against him .

BC: Even if one family member treads the wrong path, the family is shattered once and for all.
AC: Even if one family member treads the wrong path , the family is shattered once and for all .

BC: 800 onwards.
AC: 800 onwards .

BC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP President Amit Shah were also present in the meeting.
AC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP President Amit Shah were also present in the meeting .

BC: The language is the same.
AC: The language is the same .

BC: Its about life.
AC: Its about life .

BC: The film is directed by Rajkumar Gupta.
AC: The film is directed by Rajkumar Gupta .

BC: Whos that?
AC: Whos that ?

BC: 50 crores.
AC: 50 crores .

BC: Sidhu was removed from the show in the wake of his controversial statement post the Pulwama terror attack.
AC: Sidhu was removed from the show in the wake of his controversial statement post the Pulwama terror attack .

BC: But there was no pain.
AC: But there was no pain .

BC: Love is love.
AC: Love is love .

BC: Without disclosing any details, Trump also said that a trade deal with India is currently in the pipeline.
AC: Without disclosing any details , Trump also said that a trade deal with India is currently in the pipeline .

BC: That said.
AC: That said .

BC: In the second phase, polling will take place in 72 constituencies.
AC: In the second phase , polling will take place in 72 constituencies .

BC: Who is Narmada?
AC: Who is Narmada ?

BC: The film is a trilogy.
AC: The film is a trilogy .

BC: Because when we do so, this reflects well on our heavenly Father and brings glory and praise to him.
AC: Because when we do so , this reflects well on our heavenly Father and brings glory and praise to him .

BC: [citation needed] The first successful piston steam engine was introduced by Thomas Newcomen before 1712.
AC: [ citation needed ] The first successful piston steam engine was introduced by Thomas Newcomen before 1712 .

BC: Bengaluru: JDS-Congress coalition government has collapsed in Karnataka.
AC: Bengaluru : JDS-Congress coalition government has collapsed in Karnataka .

BC: Indian captain Run Machine Virat Kohli, has recorded another record in his account.
AC: Indian captain Run Machine Virat Kohli , has recorded another record in his account .

BC: No villains.
AC: No villains .

BC: A few moves have already been made in this direction.
AC: A few moves have already been made in this direction .

BC: The committee also includes former Cabinet Secretary KM Chandrasekhar, former Tamil Nadu Finance Secretary PV Rajaraman and Rajiv Kumar, a fellow of the Centre for Policy Research
AC: The committee also includes former Cabinet Secretary KM Chandrasekhar , former Tamil Nadu Finance Secretary PV Rajaraman and Rajiv Kumar , a fellow of the Centre for Policy Research

BC: Some results are yet to arrive.
AC: Some results are yet to arrive .

BC: New Delhi: Due to the Covid-19 crisis in India and across the world, companies have enforced work from home.
AC: New Delhi : Due to the Covid-19 crisis in India and across the world , companies have enforced work from home .

BC: So, this is where we need a little more information on the kinematic state of the sphere motion.
AC: So , this is where we need a little more information on the kinematic state of the sphere motion .

BC: India has the highest youth population in the world.
AC: India has the highest youth population in the world .

BC: It can be of weekly, monthly or quarterly.
AC: It can be of weekly , monthly or quarterly .

BC: Dont talk to me.
AC: Dont talk to me .

BC: 2 lakhs, he said.
AC: 2 lakhs , he said .

BC: Group of Ministers on Covid-19 had detailed deliberation on the measures taken as on date by the Centre and various States/UTs for prevention, containment and management of COVID-19
AC: Group of Ministers on Covid-19 had detailed deliberation on the measures taken as on date by the Centre and various States / UTs for prevention , containment and management of COVID-19

BC: There are several beautiful small waterfalls produced by the Kempty river, which flow through it
AC: There are several beautiful small waterfalls produced by the Kempty river , which flow through it

BC: That is the story of the film.
AC: That is the story of the film .

BC: The Centre has done nothing.
AC: The Centre has done nothing .

BC: It runs Android 7.0 and is driven by Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 quad-core processor with 4GB RAM.
AC: It runs Android 7.0 and is driven by Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 quad-core processor with 4GB RAM .

BC: Modi is unassailable?
AC: Modi is unassailable ?

BC: Later, a quarrel broke out between them.
AC: Later , a quarrel broke out between them .

BC: Delhi High Court's Justice Hima Kohli has been elevated as Chief Justice of the Telangana High Court.
AC: Delhi High Court 's Justice Hima Kohli has been elevated as Chief Justice of the Telangana High Court .

BC: Kohli 112 from 119 balls.
AC: Kohli 112 from 119 balls .

BC: Actually, Its not so.
AC: Actually , Its not so .

BC: All seven had booked their tickets from Mumbai to New York via London.
AC: All seven had booked their tickets from Mumbai to New York via London .

BC: Water tankers have been installed at around 18 places, 20 medical camps with ambulance are ready besides 30 mobile toilets
AC: Water tankers have been installed at around 18 places , 20 medical camps with ambulance are ready besides 30 mobile toilets

BC: She, however, had refused his proposal.
AC: She , however , had refused his proposal .

BC: The coda to this story?
AC: The coda to this story ?

BC: He also claimed that the BJP would not win even a single seat.
AC: He also claimed that the BJP would not win even a single seat .

BC: As many as 35 persons were killed in the mishap.
AC: As many as 35 persons were killed in the mishap .

BC: Interesting candidates:
AC: Interesting candidates :

BC: The passengers were panic-stricken after the incident.
AC: The passengers were panic-stricken after the incident .

BC: Several commuters also vented out their frustration on social media.
AC: Several commuters also vented out their frustration on social media .

BC: Amazed at what the children had done, Edwin asked them why they had had the boxes made.
AC: Amazed at what the children had done , Edwin asked them why they had had the boxes made .

BC: I have also acted in a number of dramas.
AC: I have also acted in a number of dramas .

BC: The director is so patient.
AC: The director is so patient .

BC: Not seriously.
AC: Not seriously .

BC: It will require funds for that.
AC: It will require funds for that .

BC: Do you believe in God?
AC: Do you believe in God ?

BC: Kajal Aggarwal says she is quite excited about her role in Kamal Haasan's Indian 2.
AC: Kajal Aggarwal says she is quite excited about her role in Kamal Haasan 's Indian 2 .

BC: M/S. INFOSOFT SYSTEMS
AC: M / S. INFOSOFT SYSTEMS

BC: Three passengers died on the spot, while another person died on the way to the hospital.
AC: Three passengers died on the spot , while another person died on the way to the hospital .

BC: Pretentious men do this.
AC: Pretentious men do this .

BC: He is angry with me.
AC: He is angry with me .

BC: Different it is.
AC: Different it is .

BC: Along with President Trump, he reaffirmed Indian American ties, with an emphasis on increased military cooperation with the initiation of the Tiger Triumph exercises.
AC: Along with President Trump , he reaffirmed Indian American ties , with an emphasis on increased military cooperation with the initiation of the Tiger Triumph exercises .

BC: He chooses our inheritance for us, the glory of Jacob whom he loved. Selah.
AC: He chooses our inheritance for us , the glory of Jacob whom he loved . Selah .

BC: Citric acid.
AC: Citric acid .

BC: Only youll get that!
AC: Only youll get that !

BC: Since God is invisible, meditation on his great acts and on his dealings with his people is vital for cultivating intimacy with him.
AC: Since God is invisible , meditation on his great acts and on his dealings with his people is vital for cultivating intimacy with him .

BC: I was shocked to know this.
AC: I was shocked to know this .

BC: In this attempt, one should help themselves to control and improve.
AC: In this attempt , one should help themselves to control and improve .

BC: This led to a tense situation there.
AC: This led to a tense situation there .

BC: Other reasons (e.g.
AC: Other reasons ( e.g.

BC: The main gate of the house is locked.
AC: The main gate of the house is locked .

BC: The festivals of Ramnavami and Shivrartri hold special charm at the Mundeshwari temple and the temple is visited by a large number of pilgrims each year, to soak in the spiritual glory
AC: The festivals of Ramnavami and Shivrartri hold special charm at the Mundeshwari temple and the temple is visited by a large number of pilgrims each year , to soak in the spiritual glory

BC: In a shocking incident, around 90 dogs were found in a stretch of road in the Buldhana district of Maharashtra.
AC: In a shocking incident , around 90 dogs were found in a stretch of road in the Buldhana district of Maharashtra .

BC: Father killed, son hurt in mishap
AC: Father killed , son hurt in mishap

BC: "Government has to tackle this."""
AC: " Government has to tackle this . " " "

BC: We are almost there, arent we?
AC: We are almost there , arent we ?

BC: Since its launch in 2014, Swachh Bharat Mission-Urban (SBM-U) has made significant progress in the area of both sanitation and solid waste management.4,324 Urban ULBs have been declared ODF, 1,319 cities certified ODF+ and 489 cities certified ODF++ as per MoHUAs sanitation protocols
AC: Since its launch in 2014 , Swachh Bharat Mission-Urban ( SBM-U ) has made significant progress in the area of both sanitation and solid waste management.4,324 Urban ULBs have been declared ODF , 1,319 cities certified ODF + and 489 cities certified ODF + + as per MoHUAs sanitation protocols

BC: New Zealand had scored 204 in their first innings in reply to India's 316.
AC: New Zealand had scored 204 in their first innings in reply to India 's 316 .

BC: Narayana Murthy touches Ratan Tatas feet during event.
AC: Narayana Murthy touches Ratan Tatas feet during event .

BC: The mosque features intricate Mughal frescoes.
AC: The mosque features intricate Mughal frescoes .

BC: Shankar-directed Indian featured Kamal Haasan in the title role.
AC: Shankar-directed Indian featured Kamal Haasan in the title role .

BC: The weather department has advised fisherfolks not to venture into the sea.
AC: The weather department has advised fisherfolks not to venture into the sea .

BC: Later he became an Indian captain.
AC: Later he became an Indian captain .

BC: Who is the creator?
AC: Who is the creator ?

BC: please everyone.
AC: please everyone .

BC: The police was informed about it.
AC: The police was informed about it .

BC: After the accident, the police had arrested the bus driver Venkatesh.
AC: After the accident , the police had arrested the bus driver Venkatesh .

BC: Instead of killing him immediately they try to convince him to help them.
AC: Instead of killing him immediately they try to convince him to help them .

BC: The BSE banking index jumped nearly three percent.
AC: The BSE banking index jumped nearly three percent .

BC: This is the first budget of the second term of the Narendra Modi government.
AC: This is the first budget of the second term of the Narendra Modi government .

BC: Without fail, Jehovah provides what we need in order to fulfill our disciple - making commission and to accomplish our ministry worldwide. 2 Timothy 4: 5.
AC: Without fail , Jehovah provides what we need in order to fulfill our disciple - making commission and to accomplish our ministry worldwide . 2 Timothy 4 : 5 .

BC: """We know that the communists do not respect the Indian history, culture and spirituality but nobody imagined they would have such hatred,"" he said."
AC: " " " We know that the communists do not respect the Indian history , culture and spirituality but nobody imagined they would have such hatred , " " he said . "

BC: The bodies of the dead were moved to a government hospital and their relatives were informed, police said.
AC: The bodies of the dead were moved to a government hospital and their relatives were informed , police said .

BC: Metal, banking, capital goods and realty stocks were seeing selling pressure.
AC: Metal , banking , capital goods and realty stocks were seeing selling pressure .

BC: We don't need a masjid for that.
AC: We don 't need a masjid for that .

BC: This summer.
AC: This summer .

BC: It has 4 GB RAM and 64 GB storage.
AC: It has 4 GB RAM and 64 GB storage .

BC: He could speak.
AC: He could speak .

BC: Tail piece:
AC: Tail piece :

BC: So, whats the final word?
AC: So , whats the final word ?

BC: But it's not what you think.
AC: But it 's not what you think .

BC: But the efforts yielded no result.
AC: But the efforts yielded no result .

BC: I was highly elated hearing these words.
AC: I was highly elated hearing these words .

BC: India need to decide Rohit Sharma's opening partner between KL Rahul and Shikhar Dhawan.
AC: India need to decide Rohit Sharma 's opening partner between KL Rahul and Shikhar Dhawan .

BC: After the revolution however, a moderate Islamist government was elected leading to more freedom in the practice of religion.
AC: After the revolution however , a moderate Islamist government was elected leading to more freedom in the practice of religion .

BC: Sources close to her said she will be staying for a few days in her Gurgaon penthouse before shifting to central Delhi, where she has finalised a house on rent.
AC: Sources close to her said she will be staying for a few days in her Gurgaon penthouse before shifting to central Delhi , where she has finalised a house on rent .

BC: She nodded slowly.
AC: She nodded slowly .

BC: Tata Tigor EV Trim Levels Leaked. Specifications, Features & Images
AC: Tata Tigor EV Trim Levels Leaked . Specifications , Features & Images

BC: We love being free from many anxieties so that we can serve our God, Jehovah, more fully.
AC: We love being free from many anxieties so that we can serve our God , Jehovah , more fully .

BC: The PSLV is a four-stage engine expendable rocket with alternating solid and liquid fuel.
AC: The PSLV is a four-stage engine expendable rocket with alternating solid and liquid fuel .

BC: Kaur neednt have worried.
AC: Kaur neednt have worried .

BC: No way!
AC: No way !

BC: It was first published in English.
AC: It was first published in English .

BC: Terming visual impairment as one of the major health challenges, the Vice President highlighted the fact that around 46 lakhs people suffer from blindness in India and most of them are in the 50+ age group.
AC: Terming visual impairment as one of the major health challenges , the Vice President highlighted the fact that around 46 lakhs people suffer from blindness in India and most of them are in the 50 + age group .

BC: (1.5 NPS pipe).
AC: ( 1.5 NPS pipe ) .

BC: A bit of history:
AC: A bit of history :

BC: How does it know all of this, you ask?
AC: How does it know all of this , you ask ?

BC: There are no government engineering and medical colleges in the region.
AC: There are no government engineering and medical colleges in the region .

BC: The makers are expected to announce the release date soon.
AC: The makers are expected to announce the release date soon .

BC: Neem is good for skin as well as health.
AC: Neem is good for skin as well as health .

BC: Underscoring the need for trust between the government and industry to push the Prime Ministers vision of Aatamnirbhar Bharat, the minister said that the two should come together to tap the enormous business potentials that are unbound.
AC: Underscoring the need for trust between the government and industry to push the Prime Ministers vision of Aatamnirbhar Bharat , the minister said that the two should come together to tap the enormous business potentials that are unbound .

BC: He clarified that he had no intention to join the BJP.
AC: He clarified that he had no intention to join the BJP .

BC: She began to shoot her first documentary, The Muslims I Know, in 2006.
AC: She began to shoot her first documentary , The Muslims I Know , in 2006 .

BC: Chris Gayle, David Miller, Karun Nair, Mayank Agarwal, KL Rahul, R Ashwin, Ankit Rajpoot, Andrew Tye, Mujeeb ur Rahman
AC: Chris Gayle , David Miller , Karun Nair , Mayank Agarwal , KL Rahul , R Ashwin , Ankit Rajpoot , Andrew Tye , Mujeeb ur Rahman

BC: Face masks are a must.
AC: Face masks are a must .

BC: But what happens to them after that?
AC: But what happens to them after that ?

BC: The about 3.
AC: The about 3 .

BC: The list left out nearly 40 lakh people.
AC: The list left out nearly 40 lakh people .

BC: Fruits and vegetables have plenty of waters content, fibre and a high percentage of vitamins and minerals.
AC: Fruits and vegetables have plenty of waters content , fibre and a high percentage of vitamins and minerals .

BC: Guard the hallway!
AC: Guard the hallway !

BC: It also controls BP.
AC: It also controls BP .

BC: Vasco da Gama I enjoyed tremendously the article The Remarkable Voyage of Vasco da Gama.
AC: Vasco da Gama I enjoyed tremendously the article The Remarkable Voyage of Vasco da Gama .

BC: Two things are to be noted here.
AC: Two things are to be noted here .

BC: Koneru Satyanarayana is going to produce the film.
AC: Koneru Satyanarayana is going to produce the film .

BC: The total examination is of 200 marks.
AC: The total examination is of 200 marks .

BC: Hows the new house?
AC: Hows the new house ?

BC: Will it stay that way?
AC: Will it stay that way ?

BC: There are clouds but no rain.
AC: There are clouds but no rain .

BC: There is some change.
AC: There is some change .

BC: I did Darling and Mr Perfect after Chatrapathi.
AC: I did Darling and Mr Perfect after Chatrapathi .

BC: Add chopped onion and garlic paste.
AC: Add chopped onion and garlic paste .

BC: Such persons must be punished.
AC: Such persons must be punished .

BC: 117 crore.
AC: 117 crore .

BC: How sad that most humans today do not!
AC: How sad that most humans today do not !

BC: What is KCR up to?
AC: What is KCR up to ?

BC: They also have a baby.
AC: They also have a baby .

BC: Here are some tips...
AC: Here are some tips ...

BC: said Shami.
AC: said Shami .

BC: Do you travel abroad often?
AC: Do you travel abroad often ?

BC: Here it is different.
AC: Here it is different .

BC: """Not much went through."
AC: " " " Not much went through . "

BC: But this is not the time for politics.
AC: But this is not the time for politics .

BC: Food is one of the basic necessities of mankind to survive.
AC: Food is one of the basic necessities of mankind to survive .

BC: Of the 11 children, seven were girls.
AC: Of the 11 children , seven were girls .

BC: Is someone listening this?
AC: Is someone listening this ?

BC: Mentioning two Vallabhs, Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel and the Jainacharya Shree Vijay Vallabh Surishwer Ji Maharaj, the Prime Minister said that he feels blessed by the fact that after dedicating the worlds tallest statue of Sardar Patel- Statue of Unity, he is getting opportunity to unveil the Statue of Peace of the Jainacharya Shri Vijay Vallabh
AC: Mentioning two Vallabhs , Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel and the Jainacharya Shree Vijay Vallabh Surishwer Ji Maharaj , the Prime Minister said that he feels blessed by the fact that after dedicating the worlds tallest statue of Sardar Patel- Statue of Unity , he is getting opportunity to unveil the Statue of Peace of the Jainacharya Shri Vijay Vallabh

BC: Dont be harsh while talking to others.
AC: Dont be harsh while talking to others .

BC: This would create an integrated Asian market comprising nearly half the worlds population and a third of the worlds GDP.
AC: This would create an integrated Asian market comprising nearly half the worlds population and a third of the worlds GDP .

BC: But shepherds who open wide their heart expend themselves.
AC: But shepherds who open wide their heart expend themselves .

BC: To this end, Rs.
AC: To this end , Rs.

BC: The Bollywood star is also playing a key role in the movie.
AC: The Bollywood star is also playing a key role in the movie .

BC: Thousands of people turned up.
AC: Thousands of people turned up .

BC: There is nothing wrong in this ads.
AC: There is nothing wrong in this ads .

BC: He sustained critical injuries to his right leg.
AC: He sustained critical injuries to his right leg .

BC: Im getting hungry.
AC: Im getting hungry .

BC: The senior officers have been informed of this.
AC: The senior officers have been informed of this .

BC: Producer: Md.
AC: Producer : Md .

BC: Will it continue?
AC: Will it continue ?

BC: The high court also dismissed the appeal.
AC: The high court also dismissed the appeal .

BC: There are over 1,400 species of bats worldwide.
AC: There are over 1,400 species of bats worldwide .

BC: This quantity is expected to be doubled by the end of current FY. YB
AC: This quantity is expected to be doubled by the end of current FY . YB

BC: Directed by Venky Atluri, the film stars Nidhhi Agerwal as the heroine.
AC: Directed by Venky Atluri , the film stars Nidhhi Agerwal as the heroine .

BC: 17,789 crore.
AC: 17,789 crore .

BC: Details will be out soon.
AC: Details will be out soon .

BC: This also is not counted in the Rs. 62,000 crores.
AC: This also is not counted in the Rs. 62,000 crores .

BC: Can you explain this in detail?
AC: Can you explain this in detail ?

BC: Can't you understand?
AC: Can 't you understand ?

BC: 1 cup cabbage, finely chopped
AC: 1 cup cabbage , finely chopped

BC: This is harmful for our health.
AC: This is harmful for our health .

BC: Superstar Rajesh Khanna's death anniversary
AC: Superstar Rajesh Khanna 's death anniversary

BC: Hollywood actress Olivia Morris will be seen as the female lead alongside Jr NTR.
AC: Hollywood actress Olivia Morris will be seen as the female lead alongside Jr NTR .

BC: This increased consumption of electricity.
AC: This increased consumption of electricity .

BC: He's very well.
AC: He 's very well .

BC: 79 crores.
AC: 79 crores .

BC: The film was premiered at International Film Festival of India.
AC: The film was premiered at International Film Festival of India .

BC: pension means a pension, whether contributory or not, of any kind whatsoever payable to or in respect of any person, and includes retired pay so payable. a gratuity so payable and any sum or sums so payable by way of the return, with or without interest thereon or any other addition thereto, of subscriptions to a provident fund.
AC: pension means a pension , whether contributory or not , of any kind whatsoever payable to or in respect of any person , and includes retired pay so payable. a gratuity so payable and any sum or sums so payable by way of the return , with or without interest thereon or any other addition thereto , of subscriptions to a provident fund .

BC: But unfortunately, he died.
AC: But unfortunately , he died .

BC: Their reports were submitted.
AC: Their reports were submitted .

BC: They then sang the national anthem.
AC: They then sang the national anthem .

BC: But Aryan isnt.
AC: But Aryan isnt .

BC: Tollywood actor Vijay Devarakonda also came out in support of the campaign.
AC: Tollywood actor Vijay Devarakonda also came out in support of the campaign .

BC: New Delhi, June 15: Indian offspinner Harbhajan Singh shared an extremely sweet and heart touching video message for 'friend' Yuvraj Singh on Twitter
AC: New Delhi , June 15 : Indian offspinner Harbhajan Singh shared an extremely sweet and heart touching video message for ' friend ' Yuvraj Singh on Twitter

BC: He said that in a recent interview.
AC: He said that in a recent interview .

BC: 1,600 crore was released.
AC: 1,600 crore was released .

BC: 'Cursed is he who strikes his neighbor in secret.' All the people shall say, 'Amen.'
AC: 'Cursed is he who strikes his neighbor in secret . ' All the people shall say , ' Amen . '

BC: You dont even have to invest large amounts.
AC: You dont even have to invest large amounts .

BC: What rewards do you look forward to?
AC: What rewards do you look forward to ?

BC: It is characterized by large amounts of run-off room and only a single wall.
AC: It is characterized by large amounts of run-off room and only a single wall .

BC: Rajeev Kumar was directed to cooperate with the CBI in the probe.
AC: Rajeev Kumar was directed to cooperate with the CBI in the probe .

BC: Usually not.
AC: Usually not .

BC: He played his role.
AC: He played his role .

BC: And this doesnt make sense.
AC: And this doesnt make sense .

BC: It is our duty to protect the country.
AC: It is our duty to protect the country .

BC: Anushka Shetty and Sonakshi Sinha are his leading ladies.
AC: Anushka Shetty and Sonakshi Sinha are his leading ladies .

BC: Screen resolution: 1920X1080
AC: Screen resolution : 1920X1080

BC: I am Jehovah your God. Similar commands are found in the books of Exodus and Deuteronomy.
AC: I am Jehovah your God . Similar commands are found in the books of Exodus and Deuteronomy .

BC: Song Drama Division of the Ministry of Information Broadcasting will organise cultural programmes at the venue of the exhibition from 6 PM to 8 PM.
AC: Song Drama Division of the Ministry of Information Broadcasting will organise cultural programmes at the venue of the exhibition from 6 PM to 8 PM .

BC: Summer fruit is picked toward the end of the harvest season, that is, toward the end of the agricultural year.
AC: Summer fruit is picked toward the end of the harvest season , that is , toward the end of the agricultural year .

BC: This was Delhi's third defeat at the Kotla ground, and first after three consecutive home wins.
AC: This was Delhi 's third defeat at the Kotla ground , and first after three consecutive home wins .

BC: State Bank of India (SBI), country's largest bank, offers complimentary insurance covers on its debit cards.
AC: State Bank of India ( SBI ) , country 's largest bank , offers complimentary insurance covers on its debit cards .

BC: I cannot stand clannishness of any kind caste, community, club, school, village, nation, party, anything.
AC: I cannot stand clannishness of any kind caste , community , club , school , village , nation , party , anything .

BC: Looks at her intently.
AC: Looks at her intently .

BC: Think Works.
AC: Think Works .

BC: About 18 people were reported killed and many were injured in the incident.
AC: About 18 people were reported killed and many were injured in the incident .

BC: Help is required.
AC: Help is required .

BC: His comments triggered a controversy.
AC: His comments triggered a controversy .

BC: He thanked Rahul Gandhi for the opportunity to serve the party.
AC: He thanked Rahul Gandhi for the opportunity to serve the party .

BC: ( a) In what ways did counsel provided in Gods Word help the first - century congregations?
AC: ( a ) In what ways did counsel provided in Gods Word help the first - century congregations ?

BC: This move was lauded by AIMIM chief and Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owaisi.
AC: This move was lauded by AIMIM chief and Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owaisi .

BC: Why was it discontinued?
AC: Why was it discontinued ?

BC: Have already started...
AC: Have already started ...

BC: Some of them are foreigners.
AC: Some of them are foreigners .

BC: However, a great fiery - colored dragon is a fitting description of Satans ravenous, frightful, powerful, and destructive spirit.
AC: However , a great fiery - colored dragon is a fitting description of Satans ravenous , frightful , powerful , and destructive spirit .

BC: This could come in very handy when you really need it.
AC: This could come in very handy when you really need it .

BC: It is difficult to bring up a child as a single parent.
AC: It is difficult to bring up a child as a single parent .

BC: Nayanthara played the role of a CBI officer in the film.
AC: Nayanthara played the role of a CBI officer in the film .

BC: Most, but not all.
AC: Most , but not all .

BC: Working from home.
AC: Working from home .

BC: All on board died.
AC: All on board died .

BC: ANKARA: Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan says Turkey has captured a wife of the slain leader of the Islamic State group, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
AC: ANKARA : Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan says Turkey has captured a wife of the slain leader of the Islamic State group , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi .

BC: Falling in love again.
AC: Falling in love again .

BC: Prof Ram Gopal Yadav of the Samajwadi Party was declared elected unopposed while the BSP`s Ramji Gautam was also elected to the Upper House.
AC: Prof Ram Gopal Yadav of the Samajwadi Party was declared elected unopposed while the BSP 's Ramji Gautam was also elected to the Upper House .

BC: Films influence our lives in many ways.
AC: Films influence our lives in many ways .

BC: Tamannah and Mehreen played the heroines in the movie.
AC: Tamannah and Mehreen played the heroines in the movie .

BC: Reportedly, a team of Gujarat police searched the Bidadi ashram last week to trace him.
AC: Reportedly , a team of Gujarat police searched the Bidadi ashram last week to trace him .

BC: She also has paired up with her younger sister Serena to win 14 Grand Slam trophies in doubles.
AC: She also has paired up with her younger sister Serena to win 14 Grand Slam trophies in doubles .

BC: The matter reached the court.
AC: The matter reached the court .

BC: But it didnt respond.
AC: But it didnt respond .

BC: Shut your phone off.
AC: Shut your phone off .

BC: He was sent back to Hyderabad.
AC: He was sent back to Hyderabad .

BC: All make mistakes.
AC: All make mistakes .

BC: It needs to be careful.
AC: It needs to be careful .

BC: Peoples quality of life has improved.
AC: Peoples quality of life has improved .

BC: Im glad I got this kind of match.
AC: Im glad I got this kind of match .

BC: The models come in different shapes, sizes, styles and colours.
AC: The models come in different shapes , sizes , styles and colours .

BC: Pawan Kalyan has also questioned dynastic politics.
AC: Pawan Kalyan has also questioned dynastic politics .

BC: The procedure goes as follows:
AC: The procedure goes as follows :

BC: In Karnataka, the JD( S)-Congress government is a democratically elected one.
AC: In Karnataka , the JD ( S ) -Congress government is a democratically elected one .

BC: Read it and find out.
AC: Read it and find out .

BC: This is the way.
AC: This is the way .

BC: Silver and gold.
AC: Silver and gold .

BC: He had asked police for protection.
AC: He had asked police for protection .

BC: The seventh day was different from any of the preceding six days in that it was a day that God blessed and made sacred, that is, a day set aside for, or dedicated to, a special purpose.
AC: The seventh day was different from any of the preceding six days in that it was a day that God blessed and made sacred , that is , a day set aside for , or dedicated to , a special purpose .

BC: There is evidence to support this theory.
AC: There is evidence to support this theory .

BC: He had nothing to do with it.
AC: He had nothing to do with it .

BC: People who love Gods Word will find that the bold and innovative efforts of these two brothers make an intriguing chapter in the history of the preservation and promotion of the Bible.
AC: People who love Gods Word will find that the bold and innovative efforts of these two brothers make an intriguing chapter in the history of the preservation and promotion of the Bible .

BC: The video went viral stirring controversy.
AC: The video went viral stirring controversy .

BC: Ive practised it.
AC: Ive practised it .

BC: The film was directed by Chando Mondetu.
AC: The film was directed by Chando Mondetu .

BC: Audience who watched the movie have shared their reviews on Twitter.
AC: Audience who watched the movie have shared their reviews on Twitter .

BC: The MEA has also informed that in Iran over 6000 Indian nationals - including 1100 piligrims from Union Territory of Ladakh, Jammu & Kashmir and Maharashtra are there.
AC: The MEA has also informed that in Iran over 6000 Indian nationals - including 1100 piligrims from Union Territory of Ladakh , Jammu & Kashmir and Maharashtra are there .

BC: It has a total of six seasons.
AC: It has a total of six seasons .

BC: The cabinet decided to give incentives to the industries which would provide more job opportunities to the locals.
AC: The cabinet decided to give incentives to the industries which would provide more job opportunities to the locals .

BC: This was, however, rejected by the Supreme Court.
AC: This was , however , rejected by the Supreme Court .

BC: Visitors are allowed to swim in it.
AC: Visitors are allowed to swim in it .

BC: But their views were rejected.
AC: But their views were rejected .

BC: The fire department personnel reached the spot on time and doused the fire in time.
AC: The fire department personnel reached the spot on time and doused the fire in time .

BC: But, no positive step was taken.
AC: But , no positive step was taken .

BC: Variety it seems.
AC: Variety it seems .

BC: Then Satan will be let loose for a little while, only to be destroyed forever along with all opposers of Gods rulership. Revelation 20: 3, 7 - 10.
AC: Then Satan will be let loose for a little while , only to be destroyed forever along with all opposers of Gods rulership . Revelation 20 : 3 , 7 - 10 .

BC: lakhs of people...
AC: lakhs of people ...

BC: None has succeeded.
AC: None has succeeded .

BC: Buses and autorickshaws plied as usual on the city roads.
AC: Buses and autorickshaws plied as usual on the city roads .

BC: Active caseload only 12.10% of Total Positive CasesActive caseload below 9 lakh for the fourth consecutive day
AC: Active caseload only 12.10 % of Total Positive CasesActive caseload below 9 lakh for the fourth consecutive day

BC: The deceased has been identified as 22-year-old Nitu.
AC: The deceased has been identified as 22-year-old Nitu .

BC: Kohli has already arrived in India along with his wife and Bollywood superstar Anushka Sharma.
AC: Kohli has already arrived in India along with his wife and Bollywood superstar Anushka Sharma .

BC: What does your mother do?
AC: What does your mother do ?

BC: News reports have been appearing in some sections of the media alleging that records and documents relating to investigation into the Nirav Modi and Mehul Choksi case have been destroyed in the Scindia House fire, it said in a statement.
AC: News reports have been appearing in some sections of the media alleging that records and documents relating to investigation into the Nirav Modi and Mehul Choksi case have been destroyed in the Scindia House fire , it said in a statement .

BC: Strength: High
AC: Strength : High

BC: Bollywood actor Akshay Kumar never ceases to surprise.
AC: Bollywood actor Akshay Kumar never ceases to surprise .

BC: We dont have to threaten anybody.
AC: We dont have to threaten anybody .

BC: So do not store it in a refrigerator.
AC: So do not store it in a refrigerator .

BC: The money was sent to a bank account.
AC: The money was sent to a bank account .

BC: The teaser and trailer raised good expectations over this film.
AC: The teaser and trailer raised good expectations over this film .

BC: But still....
AC: But still ....

BC: Can we talk?
AC: Can we talk ?

BC: Published by Jehovahs Witnesses but now out of print.
AC: Published by Jehovahs Witnesses but now out of print .

BC: 7 crore fee.
AC: 7 crore fee .

BC: The Indian contingent was led by women hockey team's captain and flag-bearer Rani Rampal.
AC: The Indian contingent was led by women hockey team 's captain and flag-bearer Rani Rampal .

BC: To whom are you thus like in glory and in greatness among the trees of Eden? yet you will be brought down with the trees of Eden to the lower parts of the earth: you shall lie in the midst of the uncircumcised, with those who are slain by the sword. This is Pharaoh and all his multitude, says the Lord Yahweh.
AC: To whom are you thus like in glory and in greatness among the trees of Eden ? yet you will be brought down with the trees of Eden to the lower parts of the earth : you shall lie in the midst of the uncircumcised , with those who are slain by the sword . This is Pharaoh and all his multitude , says the Lord Yahweh .

BC: I am extremely tired.
AC: I am extremely tired .

BC: Why indeed?
AC: Why indeed ?

BC: Does Pawan Kalyan Have An Answer To These Questions?
AC: Does Pawan Kalyan Have An Answer To These Questions ?

BC: Fast bowler Mitchell Starc took five wickets.
AC: Fast bowler Mitchell Starc took five wickets .

BC: The film has music by Mani Sharma.
AC: The film has music by Mani Sharma .

BC: One dies, two hurt in accident
AC: One dies , two hurt in accident

BC: Three others were reportedly injured in the accident.
AC: Three others were reportedly injured in the accident .

BC: Films will flop.
AC: Films will flop .

BC: She has also acted in Tamil and Telugu films.
AC: She has also acted in Tamil and Telugu films .

BC: We look forward to engaging with Portugal in the Atlantic International Research Centre, both in the Space and Ocean Science fields.
AC: We look forward to engaging with Portugal in the Atlantic International Research Centre , both in the Space and Ocean Science fields .

BC: Thats when it happened.
AC: Thats when it happened .

BC: Those who saw it declared to them how it happened to him who was possessed by demons, and about the pigs.
AC: Those who saw it declared to them how it happened to him who was possessed by demons , and about the pigs .

BC: Can EVMs be tampered with?
AC: Can EVMs be tampered with ?

BC: Thats why it looks that way.
AC: Thats why it looks that way .

BC: Apply this on the face and wash off after some time with cold water for soft skin.
AC: Apply this on the face and wash off after some time with cold water for soft skin .

BC: The boy died.
AC: The boy died .

BC: PPF currently fetches an interest rate of 7.6%.
AC: PPF currently fetches an interest rate of 7.6 % .

BC: Another was critically injured.
AC: Another was critically injured .

BC: Not just words.
AC: Not just words .

BC: The menu is simple but truly delicious.
AC: The menu is simple but truly delicious .

BC: """The country requires 21 million tonnes of edible oil."
AC: " " " The country requires 21 million tonnes of edible oil . "

BC: Mahesh Manjrekar's daughter, Saiee Manjrekar is all set to enter showbiz.
AC: Mahesh Manjrekar 's daughter , Saiee Manjrekar is all set to enter showbiz .

BC: All precautions will be taken to ensure students safety.
AC: All precautions will be taken to ensure students safety .

BC: The fox couldnt tolerate it anymore.
AC: The fox couldnt tolerate it anymore .

BC: The police registered a case and began investigation into the incident.
AC: The police registered a case and began investigation into the incident .

BC: Why dont you talk about them?
AC: Why dont you talk about them ?

BC: Why do you sing?
AC: Why do you sing ?

BC: Because the apostles obeyed, Jehovah continued to bless them.
AC: Because the apostles obeyed , Jehovah continued to bless them .

BC: The film Shershaah is helmed by Vishnuvardhan.
AC: The film Shershaah is helmed by Vishnuvardhan .

BC: Six people were killed in the rain related incidents in the city.
AC: Six people were killed in the rain related incidents in the city .

BC: This was discussed in the article Something More Vital Than Money, which appeared in the same issue. Ecclesiastes 7: 12. When Distressed by Health Problems
AC: This was discussed in the article Something More Vital Than Money , which appeared in the same issue . Ecclesiastes 7 : 12 . When Distressed by Health Problems

BC: Dry Skin:
AC: Dry Skin :

BC: Many made favorable comments on the fine work of Jehovahs Witnesses and the quality of the literature.
AC: Many made favorable comments on the fine work of Jehovahs Witnesses and the quality of the literature .

BC: Nifty Metal, the metal sub-index of NSE, surged by nearly 2%.
AC: Nifty Metal , the metal sub-index of NSE , surged by nearly 2 % .

BC: Texas Governor Greg Abbott has declared a state of emergency for 13 counties in southeastern Texas.
AC: Texas Governor Greg Abbott has declared a state of emergency for 13 counties in southeastern Texas .

BC: Names of new districts:
AC: Names of new districts :

BC: It gets a total of 5 GB of data.
AC: It gets a total of 5 GB of data .

BC: JD(S) will win more seats compared to BJP and Congress.
AC: JD ( S ) will win more seats compared to BJP and Congress .

BC: In the front, there is a 10MP selfie camera.
AC: In the front , there is a 10MP selfie camera .

BC: He didn't agree.
AC: He didn 't agree .

BC: They have to help.
AC: They have to help .

BC: Unnao gang-rape survivors mother has alleged that the accused BJP MLA Kuldeep Sengar was behind the accident that left her daughter critical.
AC: Unnao gang-rape survivors mother has alleged that the accused BJP MLA Kuldeep Sengar was behind the accident that left her daughter critical .

BC: The film was made with a budget of Rs 75 crore.
AC: The film was made with a budget of Rs 75 crore .

BC: I have full faith in the judicial system.
AC: I have full faith in the judicial system .

BC: I, Paul, write this with my own hand: I will repay it (not to mention to you that you owe to me even your own self besides).
AC: I , Paul , write this with my own hand : I will repay it ( not to mention to you that you owe to me even your own self besides ) .

BC: Did she know what was going on? If so, how did she feel?
AC: Did she know what was going on ? If so , how did she feel ?

BC: Majili was a film produced by Sahu Garapati and Harish Peddi under the banner Shine Screens.
AC: Majili was a film produced by Sahu Garapati and Harish Peddi under the banner Shine Screens .

BC: When a Witness in England and her companion observed visitors leaving regularly by bus after enjoying a day at the coast, they summoned up courage to board the buses and present copies of The Watchtower and Awake! to the passengers.
AC: When a Witness in England and her companion observed visitors leaving regularly by bus after enjoying a day at the coast , they summoned up courage to board the buses and present copies of The Watchtower and Awake ! to the passengers .

BC: The song was shot recently.
AC: The song was shot recently .

BC: Investment is increasing.
AC: Investment is increasing .

BC: They have been preserved so that children can see what the Rusties did to the world.
AC: They have been preserved so that children can see what the Rusties did to the world .

BC: Some more tips...
AC: Some more tips ...

BC: The shooting of the film is expected to start this month.
AC: The shooting of the film is expected to start this month .

BC: But all was not grey and dark.
AC: But all was not grey and dark .

BC: "He also added ""elections need to be fair."""
AC: " He also added " " elections need to be fair . " " "

BC: This cant continue for long, he said.
AC: This cant continue for long , he said .

BC: Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) chief Mayawati termed the government as anti-poor and pro-capitalist.
AC: Bahujan Samaj Party ( BSP ) chief Mayawati termed the government as anti-poor and pro-capitalist .

BC: Listen to him.
AC: Listen to him .

BC: All three are different.
AC: All three are different .

BC: Indian Railways has been constantly endeavouring to provide better facilities to the rail passengers.
AC: Indian Railways has been constantly endeavouring to provide better facilities to the rail passengers .

BC: The nearest sizable town is Leh.
AC: The nearest sizable town is Leh .

BC: This has caused concern among the Hindus.
AC: This has caused concern among the Hindus .

BC: He joined the BJP a few months ago.
AC: He joined the BJP a few months ago .

BC: The politics of Maharashtra is changing.
AC: The politics of Maharashtra is changing .

BC: What can computers do?
AC: What can computers do ?

BC: 38 crore.
AC: 38 crore .

BC: He should be okay.
AC: He should be okay .

BC: This is not good for health.
AC: This is not good for health .

BC: The Kerala government has decided to file a review petition against the verdict in the Apex Court.
AC: The Kerala government has decided to file a review petition against the verdict in the Apex Court .

BC: Since these tests are relatively expensive, the blood is screened by first pooling some 8-24 samples and testing these together. if the pool tests positive, each sample is retested individually.
AC: Since these tests are relatively expensive , the blood is screened by first pooling some 8-24 samples and testing these together. if the pool tests positive , each sample is retested individually .

BC: "South Korea wants the name ""East Sea"" to be used, either instead of or in addition to ""Sea of Japan."" while North Korea prefers the name ""East Sea of Korea""."
AC: " South Korea wants the name " " East Sea " " to be used , either instead of or in addition to " " Sea of Japan . " " while North Korea prefers the name " " East Sea of Korea " . " "

BC: But the consent of Maharashtra was not taken.
AC: But the consent of Maharashtra was not taken .

BC: ( a) What gift is mentioned at John 15: 15?
AC: ( a ) What gift is mentioned at John 15 : 15 ?

BC: Im looking forward to this film.
AC: Im looking forward to this film .

BC: There is nothing alarming at the moment.
AC: There is nothing alarming at the moment .

BC: Many projects for development were undertaken.
AC: Many projects for development were undertaken .

BC: Don't put student's live in risk.
AC: Don 't put student 's live in risk .

BC: Pakistan was found to have deprived India of the right to communicate with Jadhav, have access to him, visit him in detention and arrange his legal representation.
AC: Pakistan was found to have deprived India of the right to communicate with Jadhav , have access to him , visit him in detention and arrange his legal representation .

BC: All efforts made by the Modi Government, however, did not bear fruit.
AC: All efforts made by the Modi Government , however , did not bear fruit .

BC: 637 Crore.
AC: 637 Crore .

BC: I hope he plays for India again soon.
AC: I hope he plays for India again soon .

BC: Additionally, bank offers are also available.
AC: Additionally , bank offers are also available .

BC: Being helmed by Boyapati Srinu, the film Vinaya Vidheya Rama stars Ram Charan and Kiara Advani in the lead roles.
AC: Being helmed by Boyapati Srinu , the film Vinaya Vidheya Rama stars Ram Charan and Kiara Advani in the lead roles .

BC: But there were 78 people on the boat at the time of the accident.
AC: But there were 78 people on the boat at the time of the accident .

BC: They question.
AC: They question .

BC: 77% occupants acknowledged Slovak nationality and 22% Hungarian nationality.
AC: 77 % occupants acknowledged Slovak nationality and 22 % Hungarian nationality .

BC: In rains, it turns muddy.
AC: In rains , it turns muddy .

BC: The founder of the dynasty, Yusuf Adil Shah (14901510), was appointed Bahmani governor of the province, before creating a de facto independent Bijapur state.
AC: The founder of the dynasty , Yusuf Adil Shah ( 14901510 ) , was appointed Bahmani governor of the province , before creating a de facto independent Bijapur state .

BC: It will be useful in cases where you are not comfortable with sharing your Aadhaar number details.
AC: It will be useful in cases where you are not comfortable with sharing your Aadhaar number details .

BC: The police have released images of the accused.
AC: The police have released images of the accused .

BC: Some service!
AC: Some service !

BC: In addition, transportation costs rise.
AC: In addition , transportation costs rise .

BC: But I havent done that.
AC: But I havent done that .

BC: Because agricultural fields we use a lot of fertilizers, so that contains nitrate, phosphate, etc.
AC: Because agricultural fields we use a lot of fertilizers , so that contains nitrate , phosphate , etc .

BC: She, however, did not specify where they have gone.
AC: She , however , did not specify where they have gone .

BC: So, where do we even begin?
AC: So , where do we even begin ?

BC: Apart from Ambani, US-based economist Avinash Kamalakar Dixit, former Jammu and Kashmir Governor Jagmohan, one of the greatest exponents of Indian classical dance Yamini Krishnamurthy and Sri Sri Ravi Shankar were awarded with Padma Vibhushan.
AC: Apart from Ambani , US-based economist Avinash Kamalakar Dixit , former Jammu and Kashmir Governor Jagmohan , one of the greatest exponents of Indian classical dance Yamini Krishnamurthy and Sri Sri Ravi Shankar were awarded with Padma Vibhushan .

BC: In the UK, this was also adopted in primary care.
AC: In the UK , this was also adopted in primary care .

BC: Let us see how.
AC: Let us see how .

BC: The share of non-fossil fuel energy sources in our power generation capacity has increased to 136 GW, or about 36 per cent of our total capacity
AC: The share of non-fossil fuel energy sources in our power generation capacity has increased to 136 GW , or about 36 per cent of our total capacity

BC: 97 trillion.
AC: 97 trillion .

BC: Internet can also be utilised.
AC: Internet can also be utilised .

BC: It means lunation.
AC: It means lunation .

BC: There have been incidents at several places.
AC: There have been incidents at several places .

BC: Mix well and add water if required.
AC: Mix well and add water if required .

BC: ' he said.
AC: ' he said .

BC: Or many twists.
AC: Or many twists .

BC: They had three sons and five daughters.
AC: They had three sons and five daughters .

BC: It got a huge response from the audience.
AC: It got a huge response from the audience .

BC: Let the batter rest for half-anhour at room temperature.
AC: Let the batter rest for half-anhour at room temperature .

BC: Ive answered the question.
AC: Ive answered the question .

BC: People say they are looking to BJP.
AC: People say they are looking to BJP .

BC: The film narrates the story of twin brothers.
AC: The film narrates the story of twin brothers .

BC: But Beware!
AC: But Beware !

BC: After much careful study of living things and consideration of the way the laws governing the universe seem perfectly adjusted so that life on earth can exist, I am compelled to believe in a Creator.
AC: After much careful study of living things and consideration of the way the laws governing the universe seem perfectly adjusted so that life on earth can exist , I am compelled to believe in a Creator .

BC: Edit information about this add-on.
AC: Edit information about this add-on .

BC: However, after depositing Rs.
AC: However , after depositing Rs.

BC: "He further said, ""I saw the film."
AC: " He further said , " " I saw the film . "

BC: """Today I received a telephone call from an unknown number."
AC: " " " Today I received a telephone call from an unknown number . "

BC: A lot of individuals fall sick once the weather changes.
AC: A lot of individuals fall sick once the weather changes .

BC: Or Australia?
AC: Or Australia ?

BC: 4 crores.
AC: 4 crores .

BC: Andhra Pradesh comprises two major regions, namely Rayalaseema in the south-west and Coastal Andhra bordering the Bay of Bengal in the east and north-east.
AC: Andhra Pradesh comprises two major regions , namely Rayalaseema in the south-west and Coastal Andhra bordering the Bay of Bengal in the east and north-east .

BC: 10 lakh has been sanctioned.
AC: 10 lakh has been sanctioned .

BC: I couldn't do it!
AC: I couldn 't do it !

BC: %1$S left
AC: % 1 $ S left

BC: YSR Congress Party chief YS Jaganmohan Reddy.
AC: YSR Congress Party chief YS Jaganmohan Reddy .

BC: All the songs did well.
AC: All the songs did well .

BC: In effect, with each decision we make, we should be guided by this thought: What would Jehovah want me to do?
AC: In effect , with each decision we make , we should be guided by this thought : What would Jehovah want me to do ?

BC: Post the elections the scenario began to change.
AC: Post the elections the scenario began to change .

BC: Thats when I met this guy.
AC: Thats when I met this guy .

BC: A total of 91 Lok Sabha constituencies spread across 18 states and two Union territories had gone for polls in the first phase.
AC: A total of 91 Lok Sabha constituencies spread across 18 states and two Union territories had gone for polls in the first phase .

BC: The grass trimmed.
AC: The grass trimmed .

BC: Hairs stand up to conserve heat.
AC: Hairs stand up to conserve heat .

BC: Coronavirus cases in Maharashtra continue to be on the rise.
AC: Coronavirus cases in Maharashtra continue to be on the rise .

BC: That letter is now known as the book of Hebrews. Why should we be interested in the book of Hebrews?
AC: That letter is now known as the book of Hebrews . Why should we be interested in the book of Hebrews ?

BC: 5 crore of turnover.
AC: 5 crore of turnover .

BC: Its price starts at Rs 12,999.
AC: Its price starts at Rs 12,999 .

BC: The situation changed soon.
AC: The situation changed soon .

BC: Captain Virat Kohli was especially busy.
AC: Captain Virat Kohli was especially busy .

BC: On the other hand, agricultural land is shrinking.
AC: On the other hand , agricultural land is shrinking .

BC: For example, the risk of spina bifida, caused by a defective closing of the neural tube, is greatly reduced when the expectant mother has an ample supply of folic acid.
AC: For example , the risk of spina bifida , caused by a defective closing of the neural tube , is greatly reduced when the expectant mother has an ample supply of folic acid .

BC: Crime against women has surged in the recent past.
AC: Crime against women has surged in the recent past .

BC: The cause?
AC: The cause ?

BC: Since 1919, tyrants have tried everything to break the integrity of true worshipers, but they have failed.
AC: Since 1919 , tyrants have tried everything to break the integrity of true worshipers , but they have failed .

BC: In that context it is very useful actually to write this equation not in the form of the dimensional variable like velocity, each quantity here has a dimension, that means U velocity meter per seconds, pressure as Newton per metre square, similar and so on so forth.
AC: In that context it is very useful actually to write this equation not in the form of the dimensional variable like velocity , each quantity here has a dimension , that means U velocity meter per seconds , pressure as Newton per metre square , similar and so on so forth .

BC: Have you ever seen elephants jumping a wall !!
AC: Have you ever seen elephants jumping a wall ! !

BC: Theres great news for Chiranjeevi fans.
AC: Theres great news for Chiranjeevi fans .

BC: Gopalakrishna, representing Ramachandrapuram Assembly constituency in East Godavari district, belongs to the Setti Balija BC community.
AC: Gopalakrishna , representing Ramachandrapuram Assembly constituency in East Godavari district , belongs to the Setti Balija BC community .

BC: Wanaparthy: Three persons died after being thunderstruck in Balakistapur village of Atmakur mandal in the district.
AC: Wanaparthy : Three persons died after being thunderstruck in Balakistapur village of Atmakur mandal in the district .

BC: The reason for their suicide is unknown.
AC: The reason for their suicide is unknown .

BC: But they have their own rivalries.
AC: But they have their own rivalries .

BC: Hearing his screams, family members woke up and rushed him to a hospital.
AC: Hearing his screams , family members woke up and rushed him to a hospital .

BC: Repeat this exercise 10 times.
AC: Repeat this exercise 10 times .

BC: For Hussey, a clear cut plan against Ravichandran Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja is a must for the Aussie batsmen.
AC: For Hussey , a clear cut plan against Ravichandran Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja is a must for the Aussie batsmen .

BC: I'm fond of wildlife, nature and landscapes.
AC: I 'm fond of wildlife , nature and landscapes .

BC: Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Delhi, and Gujarat have reported the highest number of cases.
AC: Maharashtra , Tamil Nadu , Delhi , and Gujarat have reported the highest number of cases .

BC: Don't back down.
AC: Don 't back down .

BC: Mammootty plays the lead role of YSR in the movie.
AC: Mammootty plays the lead role of YSR in the movie .

BC: Then add asafoetida, roasted peanuts, turmeric powder, chilli powder, pepper powder and salt.
AC: Then add asafoetida , roasted peanuts , turmeric powder , chilli powder , pepper powder and salt .

BC: All the people are known to each other.
AC: All the people are known to each other .

BC: Also Read: How To Grow Your Beard
AC: Also Read : How To Grow Your Beard

BC: This has generated considerable tensions within the country.
AC: This has generated considerable tensions within the country .

BC: It was then that he realised he had been defrauded and approached the police.
AC: It was then that he realised he had been defrauded and approached the police .

BC: Green tea is one of them.
AC: Green tea is one of them .

BC: 15 sitting MLAs have been dropped.
AC: 15 sitting MLAs have been dropped .

BC: The Supreme Court, after cancelling 122 telecom licences, had ordered allocation of spectrum though auction
AC: The Supreme Court , after cancelling 122 telecom licences , had ordered allocation of spectrum though auction

BC: There's no joy.
AC: There 's no joy .

BC: Badminton player PV Sindhu has created history by winning big at BWF World Championships.
AC: Badminton player PV Sindhu has created history by winning big at BWF World Championships .

BC: Although formal hieroglyphs were used in a ceremonial role until the fourth century, towards the end only a small handful of priests could still read them.
AC: Although formal hieroglyphs were used in a ceremonial role until the fourth century , towards the end only a small handful of priests could still read them .

BC: I wrote this on my own.
AC: I wrote this on my own .

BC: Parkinsons disease is a neurodegenerative disorder.
AC: Parkinsons disease is a neurodegenerative disorder .

BC: In later years, whenever Ferdinand and I got together with some of our friends who like us lived through those days of hardship, we recalled Jehovahs loving guidance in those difficult times.
AC: In later years , whenever Ferdinand and I got together with some of our friends who like us lived through those days of hardship , we recalled Jehovahs loving guidance in those difficult times .

BC: Sekhar Kammula is the director of the movie.
AC: Sekhar Kammula is the director of the movie .

BC: I am also learning Hindi.
AC: I am also learning Hindi .

BC: This film too got the Special Jury Award at Berlin Film festival.
AC: This film too got the Special Jury Award at Berlin Film festival .

BC: Validation failed:
AC: Validation failed :

BC: Nani, Vikram K. Kumars Film In Mythri Movie Makers Titled as GangLeader
AC: Nani , Vikram K. Kumars Film In Mythri Movie Makers Titled as GangLeader

BC: This makes them more suitable.
AC: This makes them more suitable .

BC: They took some vital decisions in this regard.
AC: They took some vital decisions in this regard .

BC: Sudden trouble seeing in one or both eyes.
AC: Sudden trouble seeing in one or both eyes .

BC: New Delhi : A Parliamentary panel has sought details from the government on giving in-principal approval to its divest stake in Air India even as modalities are being worked out for the proposed divestment to revive the debt- laden national carrier.
AC: New Delhi : A Parliamentary panel has sought details from the government on giving in-principal approval to its divest stake in Air India even as modalities are being worked out for the proposed divestment to revive the debt- laden national carrier .

BC: It looks sluggish.
AC: It looks sluggish .

BC: The incident had led to tension between the two communities in the village.
AC: The incident had led to tension between the two communities in the village .

BC: The film has been made on a budget of Rs 40 crore.
AC: The film has been made on a budget of Rs 40 crore .

BC: starting 2014?
AC: starting 2014 ?

BC: The film is produced by Yash Raj Films.
AC: The film is produced by Yash Raj Films .

BC: Mudragada Padmanabham was born in a Telugu Kapu family in Kirlampudi Village, East Godavari District, Andhra Pradesh.
AC: Mudragada Padmanabham was born in a Telugu Kapu family in Kirlampudi Village , East Godavari District , Andhra Pradesh .

BC: The event saw participation of several MLAs, ministers and a large number of party workers.
AC: The event saw participation of several MLAs , ministers and a large number of party workers .

BC: He said the policy should be aimed at reaching out to the people and providing the best medical services directly in the villages.
AC: He said the policy should be aimed at reaching out to the people and providing the best medical services directly in the villages .

BC: All the members in the car died on the spot.
AC: All the members in the car died on the spot .

BC: We dont have any grudge against anybody.
AC: We dont have any grudge against anybody .

BC: Because of the risks involved.
AC: Because of the risks involved .

BC: That means Dell Dell, in the X part of this expression it will become Dell Dell X of Dell psi by Dell Y on the other hand in this case it will become minus Dell Dell Y of Dell psi by Dell X.
AC: That means Dell Dell , in the X part of this expression it will become Dell Dell X of Dell psi by Dell Y on the other hand in this case it will become minus Dell Dell Y of Dell psi by Dell X.

BC: It comes with a list of camera-focused features like Dual-View Video, Slo-Mo Selfie Video, Super Night Mode, and Motion Autofocus.
AC: It comes with a list of camera-focused features like Dual-View Video , Slo-Mo Selfie Video , Super Night Mode , and Motion Autofocus .

BC: Hundreds were detained by police.
AC: Hundreds were detained by police .

BC: The entire building was sanitised.
AC: The entire building was sanitised .

BC: This will make the hair soft and healthy.
AC: This will make the hair soft and healthy .

BC: HYDERABAD: The number of coronavirus cases are increasing in Telangana .
AC: HYDERABAD : The number of coronavirus cases are increasing in Telangana .

BC: Teachers, researchers and students attended the event.
AC: Teachers , researchers and students attended the event .

BC: Why do so...
AC: Why do so ...

BC: In order to improve infrastructure, RISE (Revitalisation of Infrast-ructure and Systems in Education) programme has been initiated.
AC: In order to improve infrastructure , RISE ( Revitalisation of Infrast-ructure and Systems in Education ) programme has been initiated .

BC: Dr Harsh Vardhan exhorted the scientific community to come together and develop new innovations, technologies and products at this time of need as it is only ST that can deliver us out of this pandemic and also fulfill the aspirations of Aatma Nirbhar Bharat.
AC: Dr Harsh Vardhan exhorted the scientific community to come together and develop new innovations , technologies and products at this time of need as it is only ST that can deliver us out of this pandemic and also fulfill the aspirations of Aatma Nirbhar Bharat .

BC: Kohli is widely regarded as the best batsman of this generation.
AC: Kohli is widely regarded as the best batsman of this generation .

BC: This is her sixth Filmfare Award in her career.
AC: This is her sixth Filmfare Award in her career .

BC: Meroz was evidently cursed so effectively that it is difficult to say with certainty what it was.
AC: Meroz was evidently cursed so effectively that it is difficult to say with certainty what it was .

BC: What it says about people, places, and religious and political situations of ancient times is accurate.
AC: What it says about people , places , and religious and political situations of ancient times is accurate .

BC: Its fear.
AC: Its fear .

BC: Its just tradition.
AC: Its just tradition .

BC: The two do not match.
AC: The two do not match .

BC: The Surabaya-Madura (Suramadu) Bridge, opened 2009, is expected to further increase the Bangkalan area's interaction with the regional economy.
AC: The Surabaya-Madura ( Suramadu ) Bridge , opened 2009 , is expected to further increase the Bangkalan area 's interaction with the regional economy .

BC: Occasional recreation and entertainment that is wholesome and refreshing can make life more enjoyable.
AC: Occasional recreation and entertainment that is wholesome and refreshing can make life more enjoyable .

BC: What are the categories to which they belong?
AC: What are the categories to which they belong ?

BC: They got minor injuries.
AC: They got minor injuries .

BC: Because it is delightful.
AC: Because it is delightful .

BC: Nearing 40,000 mark.
AC: Nearing 40,000 mark .

BC: The two became friends.
AC: The two became friends .

BC: Here Aunty!
AC: Here Aunty !

BC: He tried to avoid that.
AC: He tried to avoid that .

BC: But is that possible?
AC: But is that possible ?

BC: There is no record of any children.
AC: There is no record of any children .

BC: Long ago, the Bible warned against that trap, saying: You must not follow after the crowd for evil ends. Exodus 23: 2.
AC: Long ago , the Bible warned against that trap , saying : You must not follow after the crowd for evil ends . Exodus 23 : 2 .

BC: And they came with haste, and found Mary, and Joseph, and the babe lying in a manger.
AC: And they came with haste , and found Mary , and Joseph , and the babe lying in a manger .

BC: Open the 'Settings' tab.
AC: Open the ' Settings ' tab .

BC: What you did.
AC: What you did .

BC: It is being done by the Supreme Court.
AC: It is being done by the Supreme Court .

BC: He is gone!
AC: He is gone !

BC: Affected by the onslaught were computer networks at hospitals in Britain, Russias interior ministry, the Spanish telecom giant Telefonica and the US delivery firm FedEx and many other organisations.
AC: Affected by the onslaught were computer networks at hospitals in Britain , Russias interior ministry , the Spanish telecom giant Telefonica and the US delivery firm FedEx and many other organisations .

BC: So far there is no such move by the Government.
AC: So far there is no such move by the Government .

BC: Would you do it again?
AC: Would you do it again ?

BC: Hyderabad: Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Nara Chandrababu Naidu is wasting public money in the name of meaningless programs, YSR Congress Party MLA and PAC Chairman Buggana Rajendranath Reddy said.
AC: Hyderabad : Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Nara Chandrababu Naidu is wasting public money in the name of meaningless programs , YSR Congress Party MLA and PAC Chairman Buggana Rajendranath Reddy said .

BC: (Source: HarperCollins Publishers India)
AC: ( Source : HarperCollins Publishers India )

BC: This will be an excellent opportunity to observe Jupiter, its Great Red Spot and Jupiters four largest satellites namely Io, Europa, Ganymede and Callisto.
AC: This will be an excellent opportunity to observe Jupiter , its Great Red Spot and Jupiters four largest satellites namely Io , Europa , Ganymede and Callisto .

BC: The sport is also the most notable exception where the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland field separate international teams.
AC: The sport is also the most notable exception where the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland field separate international teams .

BC: Part One: Love
AC: Part One : Love

BC: UP chief minister Yogi Adityanath at the Taj Mahal.
AC: UP chief minister Yogi Adityanath at the Taj Mahal .

BC: N. Nagarajan, Hyderabad
AC: N. Nagarajan , Hyderabad

BC: Muslims constitute 20 percent of the states population.
AC: Muslims constitute 20 percent of the states population .

BC: The highest recognition from that organization.
AC: The highest recognition from that organization .

BC: Many parents often scream at their children. However, there is no need for us to scream when expressing our feelings.
AC: Many parents often scream at their children . However , there is no need for us to scream when expressing our feelings .

BC: When death strikes, a happy family may be overwhelmed with sadness.
AC: When death strikes , a happy family may be overwhelmed with sadness .

BC: Nagwanshi has sustained critical injuries in the incident.
AC: Nagwanshi has sustained critical injuries in the incident .

BC: Asked the question.
AC: Asked the question .

BC: The incident occurred at Natipora in Srinagar.
AC: The incident occurred at Natipora in Srinagar .

BC: 33 observers have been appointed by the EC to oversee the conduct of election.
AC: 33 observers have been appointed by the EC to oversee the conduct of election .

BC: that looked like a jasper stone and a sardius. There was a rainbow around the throne, like an emerald to look at.
AC: that looked like a jasper stone and a sardius . There was a rainbow around the throne , like an emerald to look at .

BC: What are the causes?
AC: What are the causes ?

BC: This isnt the first time.
AC: This isnt the first time .

BC: "Aaron shall make atonement on its horns once in the year. with the blood of the sin offering of atonement once in the year he shall make atonement for it throughout your generations. It is most holy to Yahweh."""
AC: " Aaron shall make atonement on its horns once in the year. with the blood of the sin offering of atonement once in the year he shall make atonement for it throughout your generations . It is most holy to Yahweh . " " "

BC: He has long and unkempt hair.
AC: He has long and unkempt hair .

BC: Election Commission Announces Poll Schedule For Madhya Pradesh, Mizoram, Rajasthan And Chhattisgarh.
AC: Election Commission Announces Poll Schedule For Madhya Pradesh , Mizoram , Rajasthan And Chhattisgarh .

BC: Vegetables, fruits, flowers, fish, meat - everything is available on the market.
AC: Vegetables , fruits , flowers , fish , meat - everything is available on the market .

BC: Don't know what to say.
AC: Don 't know what to say .

BC: The RBI has said the Indian economy is recovering faster than expected.
AC: The RBI has said the Indian economy is recovering faster than expected .

BC: It is learnt that the PM responded positively towards the project.
AC: It is learnt that the PM responded positively towards the project .

BC: Allowance is given every month.
AC: Allowance is given every month .

BC: Police has also been informed.
AC: Police has also been informed .

BC: Spot the difference:
AC: Spot the difference :

BC: It is very forward looking.
AC: It is very forward looking .

BC: He asked people about problems being faced by them.
AC: He asked people about problems being faced by them .

BC: The BJP won only 21 seats.
AC: The BJP won only 21 seats .

BC: The film is being made into two parts.
AC: The film is being made into two parts .

BC: It can't be random.
AC: It can 't be random .

BC: have shot up.
AC: have shot up .

BC: The movie is directed by S. Radhakrishna under Haasini creations.
AC: The movie is directed by S. Radhakrishna under Haasini creations .

BC: It was handed over to forest department officials.
AC: It was handed over to forest department officials .

BC: Bollywood star hero Ajay Devgan is also essaying an important role in the movie.
AC: Bollywood star hero Ajay Devgan is also essaying an important role in the movie .

BC: While Ram Charan is playing Alluri Sitarama Raju, Jr NTR is essaying the role of Komaram Bheem in RRR.
AC: While Ram Charan is playing Alluri Sitarama Raju , Jr NTR is essaying the role of Komaram Bheem in RRR .

BC: State/UTGovernmentstoensure adequate arrangements of temporary shelters, and provision of food etc.for the poor and needy people, including migrant labourers,stranded due to lockdown measures in their respective areas.
AC: State / UTGovernmentstoensure adequate arrangements of temporary shelters , and provision of food etc.for the poor and needy people , including migrant labourers , stranded due to lockdown measures in their respective areas .

BC: Staff of the hospital rushed to his rescue and provided medical treatment.
AC: Staff of the hospital rushed to his rescue and provided medical treatment .

BC: Vennandur block is a revenue block in the Namakkal district of Tamil Nadu, India.Vennandur block is located in north eastern region in Namakkal district.
AC: Vennandur block is a revenue block in the Namakkal district of Tamil Nadu , India.Vennandur block is located in north eastern region in Namakkal district .

BC: More than 80 people have been infected from the virus.
AC: More than 80 people have been infected from the virus .

BC: Sharapova has been included in Russia's Olympic squad.
AC: Sharapova has been included in Russia 's Olympic squad .

BC: Religious disputes raise and kill each other.
AC: Religious disputes raise and kill each other .

BC: The spot is a beautiful one with an excellent view of the sunset over hills and dales.
AC: The spot is a beautiful one with an excellent view of the sunset over hills and dales .

BC: Rajendra Prasad will play Junior NTR's father, while Jagapathi Babu will be seen as Rakul Preet Singh's father in the upcoming film.
AC: Rajendra Prasad will play Junior NTR 's father , while Jagapathi Babu will be seen as Rakul Preet Singh 's father in the upcoming film .

BC: His sons include Nandamuri Balakrishna, Nandamuri Harikrishna, Nandamuri Jayakrishna, Nandamuri Saikrishna, Nandamuri Ramakrishna Sr, Nandamuri Ramakrishna Jr, Nandamuri Jayashankar Krishna and Nandamuri Mohanakrishna.
AC: His sons include Nandamuri Balakrishna , Nandamuri Harikrishna , Nandamuri Jayakrishna , Nandamuri Saikrishna , Nandamuri Ramakrishna Sr , Nandamuri Ramakrishna Jr , Nandamuri Jayashankar Krishna and Nandamuri Mohanakrishna .

BC: No stone will be left unturned in helping the affected.
AC: No stone will be left unturned in helping the affected .

BC: He was then shifted to the government hospital in Krishnagiri.
AC: He was then shifted to the government hospital in Krishnagiri .

BC: 15 thousand.
AC: 15 thousand .

BC: He was rushed to the local hospital.
AC: He was rushed to the local hospital .

BC: "But in times such as these we must tread carefully."""
AC: " But in times such as these we must tread carefully . " " "

BC: Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu and his son Nara Lokesh.
AC: Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu and his son Nara Lokesh .

BC: """Death of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister very saddening."
AC: " " " Death of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister very saddening . "

BC: Madanapalle is an assembly constituency in Andhra Pradesh.
AC: Madanapalle is an assembly constituency in Andhra Pradesh .

BC: Many fans are eagerly waiting for the movie.
AC: Many fans are eagerly waiting for the movie .

BC: Total Recovered are 2,71,563 and the Recovery Rate is 87.77%
AC: Total Recovered are 2,71,563 and the Recovery Rate is 87.77 %

BC: BJP workers.
AC: BJP workers .

BC: KCR asked.
AC: KCR asked .

BC: But nothing happens after that.
AC: But nothing happens after that .

BC: But that might not be true.
AC: But that might not be true .

BC: The Central Government should explain to the general public on this context.
AC: The Central Government should explain to the general public on this context .

BC: We feel that all Opposition forces should unite to fight against the BJP.
AC: We feel that all Opposition forces should unite to fight against the BJP .

BC: The film is slated to release this summer.
AC: The film is slated to release this summer .

BC: Vegetables, fruits, grocery items, packet foods, packet juice, milk etc.
AC: Vegetables , fruits , grocery items , packet foods , packet juice , milk etc .

BC: It unites everyone.
AC: It unites everyone .

BC: Yea, many people and strong nations shall come to seek the LORD of hosts in Jerusalem, and to pray before the LORD.
AC: Yea , many people and strong nations shall come to seek the LORD of hosts in Jerusalem , and to pray before the LORD .

BC: pillar built by Ashoka in 3 B.C.at Sanchi in Madhya Pradesh.
AC: pillar built by Ashoka in 3 B.C.at Sanchi in Madhya Pradesh .

BC: Air India has also been delaying payment of salaries to its staff for the past few months.
AC: Air India has also been delaying payment of salaries to its staff for the past few months .

BC: Something happened.
AC: Something happened .

BC: It's really not that deep.
AC: It 's really not that deep .

BC: Hyderabad: One more selfie death is reported in the city
AC: Hyderabad : One more selfie death is reported in the city

BC: You can also get any doubts clarified.
AC: You can also get any doubts clarified .

BC: 600 was paid in.
AC: 600 was paid in .

BC: That is 201 for Virat Kohli off 238 balls.
AC: That is 201 for Virat Kohli off 238 balls .

BC: The farmers are demanding that the three laws be withdrawn.
AC: The farmers are demanding that the three laws be withdrawn .

BC: However, the name of the film has not been announced as yet.
AC: However , the name of the film has not been announced as yet .

BC: Due to higher milk procurement and lower sales during the COVID-19 lockdown, the milk/dairy cooperatives have resorted to large scale conversion into high shelf-life products like milk powder, white butter, ghee, and UHT milk etc
AC: Due to higher milk procurement and lower sales during the COVID-19 lockdown , the milk / dairy cooperatives have resorted to large scale conversion into high shelf-life products like milk powder , white butter , ghee , and UHT milk etc

BC: She was the first woman to hold that position.
AC: She was the first woman to hold that position .

BC: The ITR-V form can be downloaded from the e-filing website once you have submitted your ITR.
AC: The ITR-V form can be downloaded from the e-filing website once you have submitted your ITR .

BC: Combine everything and mix well.
AC: Combine everything and mix well .

BC: Is it one?
AC: Is it one ?

BC: 41 crores.
AC: 41 crores .

BC: A number of soldiers too have died.
AC: A number of soldiers too have died .

BC: But what else could he have said?
AC: But what else could he have said ?

BC: He has no competition there.
AC: He has no competition there .

BC: They have two sons and a daughter.
AC: They have two sons and a daughter .

BC: The polymer notes were first introduced in Australia.
AC: The polymer notes were first introduced in Australia .

BC: India is demanding exemption from high duties imposed by the US on certain steel and aluminium products.
AC: India is demanding exemption from high duties imposed by the US on certain steel and aluminium products .

BC: """2005 William Hill Invitation""."
AC: " " " 2005 William Hill Invitation " . " "

BC: """Everybody's going to be happy."
AC: " " " Everybody 's going to be happy . "

BC: There are lots of interesting anecdotes in this film.
AC: There are lots of interesting anecdotes in this film .

BC: They help to moisturise the scalp and prevent dryness.
AC: They help to moisturise the scalp and prevent dryness .

BC: Mumbai, June 7: India captain Virat Kohli seems to be missing going out on the field and begin training
AC: Mumbai , June 7 : India captain Virat Kohli seems to be missing going out on the field and begin training

BC: Group B: Spain, Greece, Australia.
AC: Group B : Spain , Greece , Australia .

BC: The Modi government took a decision.
AC: The Modi government took a decision .

BC: ( f) to discharge such other functions in relation to the protection, welfare and development and advancement of the Scheduled Castes as the President may, subject to the provisions of any law made by Parliament, by rule specify.
AC: ( f ) to discharge such other functions in relation to the protection , welfare and development and advancement of the Scheduled Castes as the President may , subject to the provisions of any law made by Parliament , by rule specify .

BC: He is from Tamil Nadu.
AC: He is from Tamil Nadu .

BC: This video has gone viral on the internet.
AC: This video has gone viral on the internet .

BC: He is currently working as a consultant at National Institute of Public Finance and Policy (NIPFP).
AC: He is currently working as a consultant at National Institute of Public Finance and Policy ( NIPFP ) .

BC: But the mother wouldnt allow it.
AC: But the mother wouldnt allow it .

BC: Nayanthara is playing the female lead in the film.
AC: Nayanthara is playing the female lead in the film .

BC: The film featured Dhanush in dual roles.
AC: The film featured Dhanush in dual roles .

BC: There was no electricity, no water and other essentials.
AC: There was no electricity , no water and other essentials .

BC: For whose benefit?
AC: For whose benefit ?

BC: "During the filming of the song ""Sedi Ketto"", Raman suggested that Ranga Rao dance, but the latter refused."
AC: " During the filming of the song " " Sedi Ketto " , " Raman suggested that Ranga Rao dance , but the latter refused . "

BC: This will increase your irritation.
AC: This will increase your irritation .

BC: Dont say anything about the film industry.
AC: Dont say anything about the film industry .

BC: A short time after the tragic death of Owen, mentioned in the preceding article, his father visited a neighbors home.
AC: A short time after the tragic death of Owen , mentioned in the preceding article , his father visited a neighbors home .

BC: This is the condition in India.
AC: This is the condition in India .

BC: Sekhar Kammula was working on his next film Love Story featuring Naga Chaitanya and Sai Pallavi in lead roles.
AC: Sekhar Kammula was working on his next film Love Story featuring Naga Chaitanya and Sai Pallavi in lead roles .

BC: No potato, tomato, green chilli, cabbage, cauliflower or any other foreign vegetable.
AC: No potato , tomato , green chilli , cabbage , cauliflower or any other foreign vegetable .

BC: The memory of genocide remains relevant to ethnic identity in independent Namibia and to relations with Germany.
AC: The memory of genocide remains relevant to ethnic identity in independent Namibia and to relations with Germany .

BC: """It certainly was,"" replied the second man."
AC: " " " It certainly was , " " replied the second man . "

BC: Disability could be either total or partial, and could be either permanent or temporary.
AC: Disability could be either total or partial , and could be either permanent or temporary .

BC: The BJP is becoming weak in the state.
AC: The BJP is becoming weak in the state .

BC: An official release date is yet to be announced.
AC: An official release date is yet to be announced .

BC: The rush has just begun.
AC: The rush has just begun .

BC: Even though this has meant permitting evil to remain temporarily, humans have thus had the opportunity to show whether they can successfully rule themselves independent of God, living by their own standards of what is right and wrong.
AC: Even though this has meant permitting evil to remain temporarily , humans have thus had the opportunity to show whether they can successfully rule themselves independent of God , living by their own standards of what is right and wrong .

BC: Hyderabad: A Police constable was arrested in Hyderabad on Tuesday for allegedly misbehaving with a woman
AC: Hyderabad : A Police constable was arrested in Hyderabad on Tuesday for allegedly misbehaving with a woman

BC: The Congress leaders also staged a walkout in protest.
AC: The Congress leaders also staged a walkout in protest .

BC: Large number of police force was deployed.
AC: Large number of police force was deployed .

BC: New Delhi, October 12: Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal's Wagon R car, used till the 2015 assembly polls, was stolen outside the Delhi Secretariat on Thursday, the police said
AC: New Delhi , October 12 : Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal 's Wagon R car , used till the 2015 assembly polls , was stolen outside the Delhi Secretariat on Thursday , the police said

BC: One person died on the spot and other one was seriously injured in the accident.
AC: One person died on the spot and other one was seriously injured in the accident .

BC: Such fear is crucial to drawing close to him.
AC: Such fear is crucial to drawing close to him .

BC: Deepest condolences to Amrutha Varshini and the rest of Pranays family.
AC: Deepest condolences to Amrutha Varshini and the rest of Pranays family .

BC: We should be moving in that direction.
AC: We should be moving in that direction .

BC: Previously, the Rs.
AC: Previously , the Rs.

BC: Banchetti wrote an enthusiastic review of the book.
AC: Banchetti wrote an enthusiastic review of the book .

BC: His reign began in 474 B.C.E., so his 20th year would be 455 B.C.E.
AC: His reign began in 474 B.C.E. , so his 20th year would be 455 B.C.E.

BC: Why go vegetarian?
AC: Why go vegetarian ?

BC: 00 pm: Bangladesh President Abdul Hamid meets PM Narendra Modi in New Delhi
AC: 00 pm : Bangladesh President Abdul Hamid meets PM Narendra Modi in New Delhi

BC: He was charged with anti-party activities.
AC: He was charged with anti-party activities .

BC: The Pride of Ludhianvis has a well-maintained football ground and hosts National Football League (NFL) matches
AC: The Pride of Ludhianvis has a well-maintained football ground and hosts National Football League ( NFL ) matches

BC: This is done in three stages.
AC: This is done in three stages .

BC: Since the couple had no children of their own, they adopted a boy the son of a brahmin widow, Kashibai.
AC: Since the couple had no children of their own , they adopted a boy the son of a brahmin widow , Kashibai .

BC: Vijayawada: At least seven persons died and 15 fell seriously ill after consuming liquor at Swarna Bar in Krishna Lanka area in Vijayawada on Monday morning
AC: Vijayawada : At least seven persons died and 15 fell seriously ill after consuming liquor at Swarna Bar in Krishna Lanka area in Vijayawada on Monday morning

BC: Montevideo became a major economic center of the region and an entrept for goods from Argentina, Brazil and Paraguay.
AC: Montevideo became a major economic center of the region and an entrept for goods from Argentina , Brazil and Paraguay .

BC: The firm is also into water purifier business.
AC: The firm is also into water purifier business .

BC: And there he got engaged.
AC: And there he got engaged .

BC: We want it never to happen again.
AC: We want it never to happen again .

BC: Kerala has been reeling under the worst floods it has experienced in a century.
AC: Kerala has been reeling under the worst floods it has experienced in a century .

BC: After that, the story got murky.
AC: After that , the story got murky .

BC: The truth will never be known.
AC: The truth will never be known .

BC: He was also Chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission.
AC: He was also Chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission .

BC: Allari Naresh is a well known Telugu actor known for his comedic roles.
AC: Allari Naresh is a well known Telugu actor known for his comedic roles .

BC: Traditional or modern?
AC: Traditional or modern ?

BC: When is Prabhas getting married?
AC: When is Prabhas getting married ?

BC: Thousands of devotees are thronging Siva temples across the state on the occasion of Kartik Poornima.
AC: Thousands of devotees are thronging Siva temples across the state on the occasion of Kartik Poornima .

BC: It is the remake of Telugu film Arjun Reddy.
AC: It is the remake of Telugu film Arjun Reddy .

BC: The incident took place at Tuni in East Godavari district.
AC: The incident took place at Tuni in East Godavari district .

BC: He was addressing people at an event organised by the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation.
AC: He was addressing people at an event organised by the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation .

BC: The Ustyurt Plateau is between the Aral and Caspian Seas.
AC: The Ustyurt Plateau is between the Aral and Caspian Seas .

BC: Rs 500 to Rs 600.
AC: Rs 500 to Rs 600 .

BC: I love you more than anything else in this world.
AC: I love you more than anything else in this world .

BC: Rs 12 lakh crore.
AC: Rs 12 lakh crore .

BC: There are some technical problems.
AC: There are some technical problems .

BC: "Is the Government trying to do forceful eviction?"""
AC: " Is the Government trying to do forceful eviction ? " " "

BC: In order to survive, I fled to the countryside to work for meager wages as a field hand.
AC: In order to survive , I fled to the countryside to work for meager wages as a field hand .

BC: 416 crores.
AC: 416 crores .

BC: During sexual arousal, the vagina expands both in length and width.
AC: During sexual arousal , the vagina expands both in length and width .

BC: Thats what it means.
AC: Thats what it means .

BC: The video went viral in a jiffy.
AC: The video went viral in a jiffy .

BC: Let us now consider how we can take those three steps in times of distress. When a Job Is Lost or Income Is Meager
AC: Let us now consider how we can take those three steps in times of distress . When a Job Is Lost or Income Is Meager

BC: The family of Arun Kumar said that he has died due to the respiratory issue.
AC: The family of Arun Kumar said that he has died due to the respiratory issue .

BC: Then the results came.
AC: Then the results came .

BC: Modi took veiled potshots at Congress President Rahul Gandhi.
AC: Modi took veiled potshots at Congress President Rahul Gandhi .

BC: Somalia is a semi-arid country with about 1.64% arable land.
AC: Somalia is a semi-arid country with about 1.64 % arable land .

BC: It never got over till the last point.
AC: It never got over till the last point .

BC: For the preparation of cake:
AC: For the preparation of cake :

BC: The problem is real.
AC: The problem is real .

BC: He is from Hyderabad.
AC: He is from Hyderabad .

BC: Remember to wash your hands frequently.
AC: Remember to wash your hands frequently .

BC: Ruling TRS continues to lead in Telangana.
AC: Ruling TRS continues to lead in Telangana .

BC: During the cold season, skin tends to become dry.
AC: During the cold season , skin tends to become dry .

BC: 91 lakh.
AC: 91 lakh .

BC: CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu are in crisis.
AC: CHENNAI : Tamil Nadu are in crisis .

BC: A similar pattern is being followed across the state.
AC: A similar pattern is being followed across the state .

BC: So, you will have to scarifies sometime cost.
AC: So , you will have to scarifies sometime cost .

BC: Therefore thus saith the LORD. Behold, I will give this city into the hand of the Chaldeans, and into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, and he shall take it:
AC: Therefore thus saith the LORD . Behold , I will give this city into the hand of the Chaldeans , and into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon , and he shall take it :

BC: Delhi: BJP leader Manoj Tiwari reacts to Congress leader Salman Khurshid's remark on PM Narendra Modi.
AC: Delhi : BJP leader Manoj Tiwari reacts to Congress leader Salman Khurshid 's remark on PM Narendra Modi .

BC: However, these should be performed after consulting a doctor.
AC: However , these should be performed after consulting a doctor .

BC: Kumar was born in village Kalol Bakain in Bilaspur District of Himachal Pradesh.
AC: Kumar was born in village Kalol Bakain in Bilaspur District of Himachal Pradesh .

BC: To Watch the Video Click on the Link Below:
AC: To Watch the Video Click on the Link Below :

BC: Download the app.
AC: Download the app .

BC: But in the bargain, he gave Kondapalli and Rajahmundry to the Bahmani Sultan.
AC: But in the bargain , he gave Kondapalli and Rajahmundry to the Bahmani Sultan .

BC: "The Indian delegation asserted that Kashmir was India's ""internal matter""."
AC: " The Indian delegation asserted that Kashmir was India 's " " internal matter " . " "

BC: It was sorrowful.
AC: It was sorrowful .

BC: How does light shine in the darkness today, and how do meek ones benefit?
AC: How does light shine in the darkness today , and how do meek ones benefit ?

BC: He urged others to serve Jehovah.
AC: He urged others to serve Jehovah .

BC: Happy Diwali to all of you!
AC: Happy Diwali to all of you !

BC: He was accompanied by MLAs Visweswara Reddy, Chand Basha, Ravindra Nath Reddy, party leaders Ananta Venkatrami Reddy, Prakash Reddy, Sankar Narayana, former MLAs Kapu Ramachandra Reddy and Gurunath Reddy.On Monday, Jagan's yatra covered Narayanapuram, Tapovaran, Rachanapalli, Syndicate Nagar, Pathapalem, Konapuram and Mamillapalli
AC: He was accompanied by MLAs Visweswara Reddy , Chand Basha , Ravindra Nath Reddy , party leaders Ananta Venkatrami Reddy , Prakash Reddy , Sankar Narayana , former MLAs Kapu Ramachandra Reddy and Gurunath Reddy.On Monday , Jagan 's yatra covered Narayanapuram , Tapovaran , Rachanapalli , Syndicate Nagar , Pathapalem , Konapuram and Mamillapalli

BC: New networks you need to build?
AC: New networks you need to build ?

BC: "I am sure that the audience is going to like this film."""
AC: " I am sure that the audience is going to like this film . " " "

BC: Do you know where?
AC: Do you know where ?

BC: Repeat the cycle 3-4 times.
AC: Repeat the cycle 3-4 times .

BC: He advised the farmers to use farm manure and avoid chemical fertilisers.
AC: He advised the farmers to use farm manure and avoid chemical fertilisers .

BC: His mother was seriously injured.
AC: His mother was seriously injured .

BC: Repeat the process three times.
AC: Repeat the process three times .

BC: Raghuveera Reddy suggested that the chief minister must immediately travel to Delhi and put pressure on the centre.
AC: Raghuveera Reddy suggested that the chief minister must immediately travel to Delhi and put pressure on the centre .

BC: Some feel as did young Jenna, who says: A mobile phone is too big a responsibility for many young people.
AC: Some feel as did young Jenna , who says : A mobile phone is too big a responsibility for many young people .

BC: It has pretty much reached that goal.
AC: It has pretty much reached that goal .

BC: These questions are difficult to answer.
AC: These questions are difficult to answer .

BC: Defenders: Mohamed Abdel-Shafi (Al Fateh), Ayman Ashraf (Al Ahly), Ahmed Elmohamady (Aston Villa), Ahmed Fathi (Al Ahly), Omar Gaber (Los Angeles FC), Ali Gabr (Zamalek), Mahmoud Hamdy (Zamalek), Ahmed Hegazi (West Bromwich Albion), Saad Samir (Al Ahly)
AC: Defenders : Mohamed Abdel-Shafi ( Al Fateh ) , Ayman Ashraf ( Al Ahly ) , Ahmed Elmohamady ( Aston Villa ) , Ahmed Fathi ( Al Ahly ) , Omar Gaber ( Los Angeles FC ) , Ali Gabr ( Zamalek ) , Mahmoud Hamdy ( Zamalek ) , Ahmed Hegazi ( West Bromwich Albion ) , Saad Samir ( Al Ahly )

BC: Telugu Desam Party leader and Kodangal MLA Revanth Reddy on Modnay lambasted TRS president and Telangana chief minister K.Chandrasekhar Rao.
AC: Telugu Desam Party leader and Kodangal MLA Revanth Reddy on Modnay lambasted TRS president and Telangana chief minister K.Chandrasekhar Rao .

BC: Rahman has come up with an Endgame anthem in Hindi, Tamil and Telugu.
AC: Rahman has come up with an Endgame anthem in Hindi , Tamil and Telugu .

BC: People are drinking beer.
AC: People are drinking beer .

BC: Skin is yellow in colour and smooth.
AC: Skin is yellow in colour and smooth .

BC: With this, a total of 14 legislators of the Congress and the JD(S) have so far resigned.
AC: With this , a total of 14 legislators of the Congress and the JD ( S ) have so far resigned .

BC: We could stretch, move, stand.
AC: We could stretch , move , stand .

BC: She had her hair side-swept in curls.
AC: She had her hair side-swept in curls .

BC: He said the Punjab Chief Minister was responsible for this.
AC: He said the Punjab Chief Minister was responsible for this .

BC: Dont go to crowded places,
AC: Dont go to crowded places ,

BC: Former cricketer and PTI chief Imran Khan is leading the participants.
AC: Former cricketer and PTI chief Imran Khan is leading the participants .

BC: Hyderabad: Common entrance exams' dates of Telangana State have been declared.
AC: Hyderabad : Common entrance exams ' dates of Telangana State have been declared .

BC: India is among the top 50 countries in the global innovation ranking.
AC: India is among the top 50 countries in the global innovation ranking .

BC: This had led to some discontent in the party.
AC: This had led to some discontent in the party .

BC: This has given cricketers ample time to spend with their families.
AC: This has given cricketers ample time to spend with their families .

BC: The beer is good.
AC: The beer is good .

BC: Mythri Movie Makers and Big Ben Cinemas banner produced the movie jointly.
AC: Mythri Movie Makers and Big Ben Cinemas banner produced the movie jointly .

BC: Do you have a Facebook account?
AC: Do you have a Facebook account ?

BC: One over the other.
AC: One over the other .

BC: It is a danger.
AC: It is a danger .

BC: The world is a playground.
AC: The world is a playground .

BC: She assured that KVS will support and fully contribute in effective implementation of National Education Policy.
AC: She assured that KVS will support and fully contribute in effective implementation of National Education Policy .

BC: Thats the best way to do it.
AC: Thats the best way to do it .

BC: Its what I saw.
AC: Its what I saw .

BC: Nevertheless, try it.
AC: Nevertheless , try it .

BC: She is strong and endearing.
AC: She is strong and endearing .

BC: I know I havent done anything wrong.
AC: I know I havent done anything wrong .

BC: 612 crores.
AC: 612 crores .

BC: How much more change?
AC: How much more change ?

BC: It has many flaws.
AC: It has many flaws .

BC: I wanted to try something different.
AC: I wanted to try something different .

BC: The movie was produced under the banner PVP cinema of Prasad V. Potluri.
AC: The movie was produced under the banner PVP cinema of Prasad V. Potluri .

BC: Since its inauguration 60 years ago, Gilead School has been sending missionaries.
AC: Since its inauguration 60 years ago , Gilead School has been sending missionaries .

BC: On the Inside, the new Skoda Rapid includes automatic climate control, an eight-inch touchscreen infotainment system that supports Apple CarPlay and Android Auto, scuff plates, flat-bottom steering wheel, leather upholstery, cruise control, semi-digital instrument cluster and more
AC: On the Inside , the new Skoda Rapid includes automatic climate control , an eight-inch touchscreen infotainment system that supports Apple CarPlay and Android Auto , scuff plates , flat-bottom steering wheel , leather upholstery , cruise control , semi-digital instrument cluster and more

BC: The worst has happened.
AC: The worst has happened .

BC: With this win, India won the three-match series 2-1.
AC: With this win , India won the three-match series 2-1 .

BC: Yatra politics is not new to BJP.
AC: Yatra politics is not new to BJP .

BC: "Gorbachev was among those who saw themselves as ""genuine Marxists"" or ""genuine Leninists"" in contrast to what they regarded as the perversions of Stalin."
AC: " Gorbachev was among those who saw themselves as " " genuine Marxists " " or " " genuine Leninists " " in contrast to what they regarded as the perversions of Stalin . "

BC: It has been claimed that due to political reasons state government has failed to take any action till now.
AC: It has been claimed that due to political reasons state government has failed to take any action till now .

BC: Its a huge hall.
AC: Its a huge hall .

BC: The candidates need to apply online only.
AC: The candidates need to apply online only .

BC: Does that bother him?
AC: Does that bother him ?

BC: But we want strategic engagements on this front.
AC: But we want strategic engagements on this front .

BC: However, he was out for just 4
AC: However , he was out for just 4

BC: Jaanu starring Sharwanand and Samantha plays the lead roles in the film Jaanu.
AC: Jaanu starring Sharwanand and Samantha plays the lead roles in the film Jaanu .

BC: Shops were also closed down.
AC: Shops were also closed down .

BC: Has she watched any Telugu films?
AC: Has she watched any Telugu films ?

BC: Marriage is a very important function in everybodys life.
AC: Marriage is a very important function in everybodys life .

BC: District Collector D Brunda said an inquiry would be conducted into the incident.
AC: District Collector D Brunda said an inquiry would be conducted into the incident .

BC: "We committed a very big mistake by doing so,"" she added."
AC: " We committed a very big mistake by doing so , " " she added . "

BC: People are disturbed.
AC: People are disturbed .

BC: Provided that an appeal under sub-clause (c) shall lie subject to such provisions as may be made in that behalf under clause (1) of article 145 and to such conditions as the High Court may establish or require.
AC: Provided that an appeal under sub-clause ( c ) shall lie subject to such provisions as may be made in that behalf under clause ( 1 ) of article 145 and to such conditions as the High Court may establish or require .

BC: I didn't have a doubt.
AC: I didn 't have a doubt .

BC: Their joy was unbridled.
AC: Their joy was unbridled .

BC: From time to time, fellow believers in Elins congregation even invite their Bible students to visit her so that they can benefit from her knowledge and experience.
AC: From time to time , fellow believers in Elins congregation even invite their Bible students to visit her so that they can benefit from her knowledge and experience .

BC: Not only the fans in India and Pakistan, but cricket fanatics from across the globe come together to witness the engaging battle between the arch-rivals from time to time.
AC: Not only the fans in India and Pakistan , but cricket fanatics from across the globe come together to witness the engaging battle between the arch-rivals from time to time .

BC: Hath Sal is located between two other famous structures of Chanderi, Bala Kila and Khuni Darwaza
AC: Hath Sal is located between two other famous structures of Chanderi , Bala Kila and Khuni Darwaza

BC: every day.
AC: every day .

BC: There is actually no time travelling.
AC: There is actually no time travelling .

BC: He said no political discussions took place in this conclave.
AC: He said no political discussions took place in this conclave .

BC: Flights, metro, tram and bus services were all suspended.
AC: Flights , metro , tram and bus services were all suspended .

BC: Heat a frying pan.
AC: Heat a frying pan .

BC: This exam will be conducted by National Testing Agency (NTA).
AC: This exam will be conducted by National Testing Agency ( NTA ) .

BC: A womans body undergoes a lot of change during pregnancy.
AC: A womans body undergoes a lot of change during pregnancy .

BC: Following the war, the colony's economy stagnated.
AC: Following the war , the colony 's economy stagnated .

BC: Police rushed to the spot to control the situation.
AC: Police rushed to the spot to control the situation .

BC: The project would soon be announced.
AC: The project would soon be announced .

BC: This was controversial.
AC: This was controversial .

BC: After this, debt of 10 lakh farmers will be forgiven.
AC: After this , debt of 10 lakh farmers will be forgiven .

BC: The incident took place in Muzafargarh block in Punjab district.
AC: The incident took place in Muzafargarh block in Punjab district .

BC: There was nothing amiss in his batting.
AC: There was nothing amiss in his batting .

BC: Samantha and Sharwanand portrayed the lead roles in this movie which is directed by C. Prem Kumar.
AC: Samantha and Sharwanand portrayed the lead roles in this movie which is directed by C. Prem Kumar .

BC: The temperatures sometimes plummet to 60 degrees Celsius below zero.
AC: The temperatures sometimes plummet to 60 degrees Celsius below zero .

BC: How can you show respect for Jehovahs arrangement for discipline?
AC: How can you show respect for Jehovahs arrangement for discipline ?

BC: It is an unusual phenomenon.
AC: It is an unusual phenomenon .

BC: The urban people are being intimidated.
AC: The urban people are being intimidated .

BC: Former minister and TDP national general secretary Nara Lokesh criticized the speaker.
AC: Former minister and TDP national general secretary Nara Lokesh criticized the speaker .

BC: They also visited the village.
AC: They also visited the village .

BC: The film ended.
AC: The film ended .

BC: Rajendran is survived by wife and two children.
AC: Rajendran is survived by wife and two children .

BC: Of course, you may feel uncomfortable with the idea of organized religion.
AC: Of course , you may feel uncomfortable with the idea of organized religion .

BC: The police had registered a case against them under various sections.
AC: The police had registered a case against them under various sections .

BC: Baby' poster
AC: Baby ' poster

BC: He said the matter will be looked into.
AC: He said the matter will be looked into .

BC: Senior off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin and chinaman bowler Kuldeep Yadav were left out while Jadeja got the nod in the playing XI.
AC: Senior off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin and chinaman bowler Kuldeep Yadav were left out while Jadeja got the nod in the playing XI .

BC: Priyanka Chopra remembers dad Ashok Chopra on birth anniversary.
AC: Priyanka Chopra remembers dad Ashok Chopra on birth anniversary .

BC: The station is spread over an area of 43,146 m2 (464,420 sq ft), maintained by 32 employees.
AC: The station is spread over an area of 43,146 m2 ( 464,420 sq ft ) , maintained by 32 employees .

BC: Later, BJP formed the government under the leadership of BS Yediyurappa who took oath as the new Chief Minister of Karnataka.
AC: Later , BJP formed the government under the leadership of BS Yediyurappa who took oath as the new Chief Minister of Karnataka .

BC: The results are there to be seen.
AC: The results are there to be seen .

BC: More than 200 people were injured in the clashes.
AC: More than 200 people were injured in the clashes .

BC: On the complaint of her father, the police registered the case and arrested the alleged accused.
AC: On the complaint of her father , the police registered the case and arrested the alleged accused .

BC: In the national capital Delhi, petrol prices rose to Rs.
AC: In the national capital Delhi , petrol prices rose to Rs.

BC: United 93 (2006)
AC: United 93 ( 2006 )

BC: I think he is the player we have to overcome.
AC: I think he is the player we have to overcome .

BC: The two were nabbed and were handed over to the police.
AC: The two were nabbed and were handed over to the police .

BC: Moreover, Prasad is being served by the temple authorities to all the visitors, pilgrims and also to the poor people
AC: Moreover , Prasad is being served by the temple authorities to all the visitors , pilgrims and also to the poor people

BC: The police.
AC: The police .

BC: How many institutes?
AC: How many institutes ?

BC: The brave Masai brought their beloved cattle to the fresh waters of a stream located there, a welcome sight for the nomadic communities.
AC: The brave Masai brought their beloved cattle to the fresh waters of a stream located there , a welcome sight for the nomadic communities .

BC: That was Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi.
AC: That was Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi .

BC: Its becoming very difficult to choose.
AC: Its becoming very difficult to choose .

BC: Her post received thousands of retweets.
AC: Her post received thousands of retweets .

BC: Apart from the Singhadwara, which is the main entrance to the temple, there are three other entrances facing north, south and west.
AC: Apart from the Singhadwara , which is the main entrance to the temple , there are three other entrances facing north , south and west .

BC: Won the series 3-0.
AC: Won the series 3-0 .

BC: Clove helps in numbing the pain and reducing inflammation.
AC: Clove helps in numbing the pain and reducing inflammation .

BC: And those of us who are around them in turn become more educated, more open and more tolerant of their different points of view.
AC: And those of us who are around them in turn become more educated , more open and more tolerant of their different points of view .

BC: Theres no fuss.
AC: Theres no fuss .

BC: German countermeasures and the notorious Commando Order.
AC: German countermeasures and the notorious Commando Order .

BC: Source: National Cancer Institute
AC: Source : National Cancer Institute

BC: But then an incident occurred.
AC: But then an incident occurred .

BC: The things which you have heard from me among many witnesses, commit the same to faithful men, who will be able to teach others also.
AC: The things which you have heard from me among many witnesses , commit the same to faithful men , who will be able to teach others also .

BC: You can't do that in a democratic country.
AC: You can 't do that in a democratic country .

BC: The phone runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow.
AC: The phone runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow .

BC: Hundreds of thousands.
AC: Hundreds of thousands .

BC: Do not apply immediately.
AC: Do not apply immediately .

BC: The first city council formed was headed by Hovhannes Ghorghanyan, who became the first mayor of Yerevan.
AC: The first city council formed was headed by Hovhannes Ghorghanyan , who became the first mayor of Yerevan .

BC: The next schedule will take place at a studio in Hyderabad in the coming weeks.
AC: The next schedule will take place at a studio in Hyderabad in the coming weeks .

BC: K R Narayanan, in March 1998, was the last president to stay here
AC: K R Narayanan , in March 1998 , was the last president to stay here

BC: Move over!
AC: Move over !

BC: The matter is under probe, he said
AC: The matter is under probe , he said

BC: These can be divided in three categories.
AC: These can be divided in three categories .

BC: No point talking to India, says Imran Khan
AC: No point talking to India , says Imran Khan

BC: He writes his own songs.
AC: He writes his own songs .

BC: Or have you forgotten?
AC: Or have you forgotten ?

BC: It was reported in the newspapers.
AC: It was reported in the newspapers .

BC: Finally, she was beheaded.
AC: Finally , she was beheaded .

BC: Isnt that cute!
AC: Isnt that cute !

BC: We are workers.
AC: We are workers .

BC: He has resigned from the party.
AC: He has resigned from the party .

BC: The video went viral as soon as it was posted.
AC: The video went viral as soon as it was posted .

BC: The police later took control over the situation.
AC: The police later took control over the situation .

BC: There is a growing public awareness also. all this is eventually going to improve the quality of research in our country and also, the practice of medicine in our country over a period of time.
AC: There is a growing public awareness also. all this is eventually going to improve the quality of research in our country and also , the practice of medicine in our country over a period of time .

BC: Police began investigating into the case immediately.
AC: Police began investigating into the case immediately .

BC: That's nothing to worry about.
AC: That 's nothing to worry about .

BC: Watch it once.
AC: Watch it once .

BC: Groundbreaking for this occurred in June, 2009.
AC: Groundbreaking for this occurred in June , 2009 .

BC: Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) said as many as 62,49,668 samples have been tested till June 17
AC: Indian Council of Medical Research ( ICMR ) said as many as 62,49,668 samples have been tested till June 17

BC: During the same time,Kohli had also scored 40 runs.
AC: During the same time , Kohli had also scored 40 runs .

BC: Is it original?
AC: Is it original ?

BC: In a democratic country like India, the only thing to guide us in the journey of our nation is the Constitution and this is a certainty.
AC: In a democratic country like India , the only thing to guide us in the journey of our nation is the Constitution and this is a certainty .

BC: What is his plan?
AC: What is his plan ?

BC: I sit down with the children.
AC: I sit down with the children .

BC: Thiruvananthapuram: Kerala is likely to receive heavy rains in the coming days, the India Meteorological Department has warned.
AC: Thiruvananthapuram : Kerala is likely to receive heavy rains in the coming days , the India Meteorological Department has warned .

BC: 900 crore.
AC: 900 crore .

BC: It should not have happened, this is wrong.
AC: It should not have happened , this is wrong .

BC: Then you will be embarrassed.
AC: Then you will be embarrassed .

BC: The audience has been keen to watch the film.
AC: The audience has been keen to watch the film .

BC: Remove and serve hot.
AC: Remove and serve hot .

BC: Fans have been sharing the picture and also commenting on it.
AC: Fans have been sharing the picture and also commenting on it .

BC: Not guilty!
AC: Not guilty !

BC: And it must learn from that.
AC: And it must learn from that .

BC: Does God speak to you?
AC: Does God speak to you ?

BC: The flashpoints:
AC: The flashpoints :

BC: The letter was posted on social media.
AC: The letter was posted on social media .

BC: The line of Actual Control (lAC) between India and China stretches to 3,488 kms.
AC: The line of Actual Control ( lAC ) between India and China stretches to 3,488 kms .

BC: So far, there have been no reported cases of coronavirus in India.
AC: So far , there have been no reported cases of coronavirus in India .

BC: But the Centre and state governments are trying to work together on this.
AC: But the Centre and state governments are trying to work together on this .

BC: He, however, said he would continue to work as an ordinary party worker.
AC: He , however , said he would continue to work as an ordinary party worker .

BC: People just get it.
AC: People just get it .

BC: Vijay Sethupathi plays a politician in the film.
AC: Vijay Sethupathi plays a politician in the film .

BC: Police, who have registered a case are investigating.
AC: Police , who have registered a case are investigating .

BC: The Congress could win only two seats.
AC: The Congress could win only two seats .

BC: He has been the state general secretary of the BJP.
AC: He has been the state general secretary of the BJP .

BC: Terrible road accident has occurred in Uttar Pradesh.
AC: Terrible road accident has occurred in Uttar Pradesh .

BC: Rs 150 crore...
AC: Rs 150 crore ...

BC: As you can see in this schematic there is air, there is water, and below the water there is sediment.
AC: As you can see in this schematic there is air , there is water , and below the water there is sediment .

BC: Don't show menu
AC: Don 't show menu

BC: What beauty!
AC: What beauty !

BC: The current interest rate is 7.9%.
AC: The current interest rate is 7.9 % .

BC: We thought it would never happen again.
AC: We thought it would never happen again .

BC: Hatred is a very ugly thing.
AC: Hatred is a very ugly thing .

BC: Toyota Kirloskar Motor (TKM) announced that the prices of Innova, Fortuner, Corolla, and Etios have been increased effective September 12, 2017
AC: Toyota Kirloskar Motor ( TKM ) announced that the prices of Innova , Fortuner , Corolla , and Etios have been increased effective September 12 , 2017

BC: Talks between the Afghan government and the Taliban are due to follow.
AC: Talks between the Afghan government and the Taliban are due to follow .

BC: Dow Futures lost 300 points, pushing Asian markets lower.
AC: Dow Futures lost 300 points , pushing Asian markets lower .

BC: Special facilities were provided for women.
AC: Special facilities were provided for women .

BC: """""intini chusi ilaluni chudamanru"""" this is the proverb that indicates house premises and weather in the house and also wife is the indication of neatness, she is the other name of goodness"
AC: " " " " " intini chusi ilaluni chudamanru " " " " this is the proverb that indicates house premises and weather in the house and also wife is the indication of neatness , she is the other name of goodness "

BC: the wife asked.
AC: the wife asked .

BC: But after...
AC: But after ...

BC: They are being examined.
AC: They are being examined .

BC: Both were injured.
AC: Both were injured .

BC: Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan condoled over the incident.
AC: Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan condoled over the incident .

BC: Do they do anything useful?
AC: Do they do anything useful ?

BC: She claimed that 100 people died.
AC: She claimed that 100 people died .

BC: Winter chills.
AC: Winter chills .

BC: But that is impossible.
AC: But that is impossible .

BC: BJP MLA Kuldeep Singh Sengar is an accused in the rape case.
AC: BJP MLA Kuldeep Singh Sengar is an accused in the rape case .

BC: "We will announce the release date very soon."""
AC: " We will announce the release date very soon . " " "

BC: You have to be careful while travelling.
AC: You have to be careful while travelling .

BC: Market prices crashed.
AC: Market prices crashed .

BC: And if not?
AC: And if not ?

BC: All three films are releasing on the same date.
AC: All three films are releasing on the same date .

BC: The Bill is slated to be introduced in the monsoon session of Parliament.
AC: The Bill is slated to be introduced in the monsoon session of Parliament .

BC: Doctors said he died of a heart attack.
AC: Doctors said he died of a heart attack .

BC: So, Bean has to get another ticket.
AC: So , Bean has to get another ticket .

BC: How is endometriosis treated?
AC: How is endometriosis treated ?

BC: This will result in more investments in the agriculture sector.
AC: This will result in more investments in the agriculture sector .

BC: It also has an anti-inflammatory effect.
AC: It also has an anti-inflammatory effect .

BC: BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices rose 0.8 percent each.
AC: BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices rose 0.8 percent each .

BC: Asia/ Hovd
AC: Asia / Hovd

BC: Dont chase money.
AC: Dont chase money .

BC: It is a very sad story.
AC: It is a very sad story .

BC: However, their marriage did not last long.
AC: However , their marriage did not last long .

BC: 'Andhadhun' is directed by Sriram Raghavan.
AC: 'Andhadhun ' is directed by Sriram Raghavan .

BC: Create a PV Memorial in Hyderabad, which should be on par with the international level.
AC: Create a PV Memorial in Hyderabad , which should be on par with the international level .

BC: Her films were hits.
AC: Her films were hits .

BC: Application fees.
AC: Application fees .

BC: The project also aims to anticipate future adaptation of the virus and generate hmAbs clones that can neutralize the mutated virus so that could be readily used for combating future SARS-CoV infections.BBIL will be the commercial partner and responsible for subsequent development and commercialization of the hmAbs generated.
AC: The project also aims to anticipate future adaptation of the virus and generate hmAbs clones that can neutralize the mutated virus so that could be readily used for combating future SARS-CoV infections.BBIL will be the commercial partner and responsible for subsequent development and commercialization of the hmAbs generated .

BC: The key responsibilities of the CEA include providing policy inputs on industrial development and foreign trade, conducting analysis of trends in industrial production and releasing statistical information on key economic indicators.
AC: The key responsibilities of the CEA include providing policy inputs on industrial development and foreign trade , conducting analysis of trends in industrial production and releasing statistical information on key economic indicators .

BC: Forest fires are a regular occurrence during the summers.
AC: Forest fires are a regular occurrence during the summers .

BC: Because, its not.
AC: Because , its not .

BC: Kareena is currently shooting for Angrezi Medium with Irrfan Khan in London.
AC: Kareena is currently shooting for Angrezi Medium with Irrfan Khan in London .

BC: Action King Arjun is on-board for playing a crucial character in the film.
AC: Action King Arjun is on-board for playing a crucial character in the film .

BC: The promotions of the movie have also begun.
AC: The promotions of the movie have also begun .

BC: The opposition MLAs in AP and Telangana were poached by TDP and TRS.
AC: The opposition MLAs in AP and Telangana were poached by TDP and TRS .

BC: The film's record count has begun.
AC: The film 's record count has begun .

BC: Trump said his administration has already taken historic action to create a US Space Command, within the Department of Defense to oversee the nation's military space operations.
AC: Trump said his administration has already taken historic action to create a US Space Command , within the Department of Defense to oversee the nation 's military space operations .

BC: Out for 30.
AC: Out for 30 .

BC: Its good work.
AC: Its good work .

BC: Some even failed to believe this could be true.
AC: Some even failed to believe this could be true .

BC: What are the causes of miscarriages?
AC: What are the causes of miscarriages ?

BC: Mohan Prakash was made the convenor of the 14-member election management and coordination committee.
AC: Mohan Prakash was made the convenor of the 14-member election management and coordination committee .

BC: 2018 crores.
AC: 2018 crores .

BC: All the parties are readying themselves for the upcoming elections.
AC: All the parties are readying themselves for the upcoming elections .

BC: The case was registered.
AC: The case was registered .

BC: """Chandrababu, who is alleging the involvement of BJP in the warrant, should suspend the wife of Maharashtra Finance minister from the TTD Board,"" he remarked"
AC: " " " Chandrababu , who is alleging the involvement of BJP in the warrant , should suspend the wife of Maharashtra Finance minister from the TTD Board , " " he remarked "

BC: The results of the examination came in last evening.
AC: The results of the examination came in last evening .

BC: I quite enjoyed that role.
AC: I quite enjoyed that role .

BC: But who are they?
AC: But who are they ?

BC: 26 crore.
AC: 26 crore .

BC: Thats especially true for children.
AC: Thats especially true for children .

BC: BJP opposed privatisation of power.
AC: BJP opposed privatisation of power .

BC: Everything is superb.
AC: Everything is superb .

BC: Fear ye not, neither be afraid: have not I told thee from that time, and have declared it? ye are even my witnesses. Is there a God beside me? yea, there is no God. I know not any.
AC: Fear ye not , neither be afraid : have not I told thee from that time , and have declared it ? ye are even my witnesses . Is there a God beside me ? yea , there is no God . I know not any .

BC: The government holds 87.40 per cent stake in IRCTC.
AC: The government holds 87.40 per cent stake in IRCTC .

BC: There is an LED indicator to show the battery level on the device.
AC: There is an LED indicator to show the battery level on the device .

BC: Hantavirus is transmitted to human beings through rodents.
AC: Hantavirus is transmitted to human beings through rodents .

BC: A child should not feel threatened by the parents.
AC: A child should not feel threatened by the parents .

BC: usage: gnome-keyring command [options]
AC: usage : gnome-keyring command [ options ]

BC: 19 Congress MLAs including six state ministers from Madhya Pradesh who are in a Bengaluru resort have tendered their resignation from the assembly after Jyotiraditya Scindia resigned from the party.
AC: 19 Congress MLAs including six state ministers from Madhya Pradesh who are in a Bengaluru resort have tendered their resignation from the assembly after Jyotiraditya Scindia resigned from the party .

BC: Besides the late actors wife Neetu Kapoor and son Ranbir Kapoor, Rajeev Kapoor, Randhir Kapoor, Saif Ali Khan, Kareena Kapoor, Abhishek Bachchan and Alia Bhatt were among the other attendees
AC: Besides the late actors wife Neetu Kapoor and son Ranbir Kapoor , Rajeev Kapoor , Randhir Kapoor , Saif Ali Khan , Kareena Kapoor , Abhishek Bachchan and Alia Bhatt were among the other attendees

BC: ppen again.
AC: ppen again .

BC: Here is a recent example of this phenomenon.
AC: Here is a recent example of this phenomenon .

BC: My father!
AC: My father !

BC: Avoid eye contact.
AC: Avoid eye contact .

BC: Here also BJP came to the third position.
AC: Here also BJP came to the third position .

BC: This will not create any deterrence.
AC: This will not create any deterrence .

BC: The party constitution provided for election of 12 members of the committee.
AC: The party constitution provided for election of 12 members of the committee .

BC: Later, the two became friends.
AC: Later , the two became friends .

BC: This scheme will be applicable for workers who are not eligible for 24 per cent EPF support under PM Garib Kalyan package and its extension, she said.
AC: This scheme will be applicable for workers who are not eligible for 24 per cent EPF support under PM Garib Kalyan package and its extension , she said .

BC: How many people did you shoot?
AC: How many people did you shoot ?

BC: Director Sukumar has made his own mark in Telugu cinema through this film.
AC: Director Sukumar has made his own mark in Telugu cinema through this film .

BC: The recharge confirmation page will also help users with relevant customer support information.
AC: The recharge confirmation page will also help users with relevant customer support information .

BC: Opposition parties have reacted sharply over the issue.
AC: Opposition parties have reacted sharply over the issue .

BC: 100 crore fine.
AC: 100 crore fine .

BC: This is the rule.
AC: This is the rule .

BC: The private bus as well as the school bus has been damaged in the accident.
AC: The private bus as well as the school bus has been damaged in the accident .

BC: The song is sung by Sid Sriram.
AC: The song is sung by Sid Sriram .

BC: To enable students to learn at home and be safe, Union Human Resource Development Minister Shri Ramesh Pokhriyal 'Nishank' through social media launched an Online Yoga uiz Competition organised by NCERT.
AC: To enable students to learn at home and be safe , Union Human Resource Development Minister Shri Ramesh Pokhriyal ' Nishank ' through social media launched an Online Yoga uiz Competition organised by NCERT .

BC: Along with Indrani, her ex-husband Sanjeev Khanna and her former driver Shyamvar Rai were also nabbed.
AC: Along with Indrani , her ex-husband Sanjeev Khanna and her former driver Shyamvar Rai were also nabbed .

BC: Home surroundings should be kept clean.
AC: Home surroundings should be kept clean .

BC: Life is precious and it is thus foremost responsibility of everyone to protect his/her life.
AC: Life is precious and it is thus foremost responsibility of everyone to protect his / her life .

BC: Its tough!
AC: Its tough !

BC: She is survived by her husband, three sons and a daughter.
AC: She is survived by her husband , three sons and a daughter .

BC: He said to me, Son of man, do you see what they do? even the great abominations that the house of Israel do commit here, that I should go far off from my sanctuary? But you shall again see yet other great abominations.
AC: He said to me , Son of man , do you see what they do ? even the great abominations that the house of Israel do commit here , that I should go far off from my sanctuary ? But you shall again see yet other great abominations .

BC: Sincere tributes to him and condolences to his family.
AC: Sincere tributes to him and condolences to his family .

BC: These samples have been sent to laboratories.
AC: These samples have been sent to laboratories .

BC: Not a single rupee has been paid.
AC: Not a single rupee has been paid .

BC: He had won the election for the second time in a row.
AC: He had won the election for the second time in a row .

BC: The victim's mother lodged a complaint with the police.
AC: The victim 's mother lodged a complaint with the police .

BC: Expenditure will increase.
AC: Expenditure will increase .

BC: The economic environment is depressing.
AC: The economic environment is depressing .

BC: Don't get stressed
AC: Don 't get stressed

BC: A young Christian facing death by beheading wrote his parents: It is already past midnight.
AC: A young Christian facing death by beheading wrote his parents : It is already past midnight .

BC: Do not under any circumstances strain yourself.
AC: Do not under any circumstances strain yourself .

BC: None joined.
AC: None joined .

BC: The Telangana Chief Ministers office has meanwhile released the design of the new secretariat building.
AC: The Telangana Chief Ministers office has meanwhile released the design of the new secretariat building .

BC: The workers were provided with food, water and due medical care.
AC: The workers were provided with food , water and due medical care .

BC: Job Location: All India
AC: Job Location : All India

BC: Police sent the body for post-mortem at the hospital.
AC: Police sent the body for post-mortem at the hospital .

BC: 60 thousand crores.
AC: 60 thousand crores .

BC: Thats why this gap.
AC: Thats why this gap .

BC: That is the test.
AC: That is the test .

BC: The victim's family lodged a complaint with the police.
AC: The victim 's family lodged a complaint with the police .

BC: Thats not new or surprising.
AC: Thats not new or surprising .

BC: The film's first look was recently revealed as well.
AC: The film 's first look was recently revealed as well .

BC: ROE= (Net income/ average stockholder equity)
AC: ROE = ( Net income / average stockholder equity )

BC: "These were, he added, the ""worst things that can be said of a human being."""
AC: " These were , he added , the " " worst things that can be said of a human being . " " "

BC: India has firmly told Pakistan that talks and terrorism cannot go together.
AC: India has firmly told Pakistan that talks and terrorism cannot go together .

BC: It arouses suspicion, WFI assistant secretary Vinod Tomar said.
AC: It arouses suspicion , WFI assistant secretary Vinod Tomar said .

BC: The Muslim Women (Protection of Rights on Marriage) Act 2019 makes instant Triple Talaq a criminal offence.
AC: The Muslim Women ( Protection of Rights on Marriage ) Act 2019 makes instant Triple Talaq a criminal offence .

BC: Sources maintain that the main problem area is Pangong lake, where the Chinese have come 8 km inside the LAC on the Indian side, and dug in at Finger 4.
AC: Sources maintain that the main problem area is Pangong lake , where the Chinese have come 8 km inside the LAC on the Indian side , and dug in at Finger 4 .

BC: Apples are high in vitamins, minerals, carbohydrates and fibre.
AC: Apples are high in vitamins , minerals , carbohydrates and fibre .

BC: But there was no need.
AC: But there was no need .

BC: When the facts are like this, some vested interests are spreading rumours that the Gandhi Hospital is overflowing with the Covid patients, they expressed dissatisfaction.
AC: When the facts are like this , some vested interests are spreading rumours that the Gandhi Hospital is overflowing with the Covid patients , they expressed dissatisfaction .

BC: So far, 22,056 beneficiaries have been identified under Vedavyasa, Gayatri, Kalyanamstu, Garuda and Bharathi schemes.
AC: So far , 22,056 beneficiaries have been identified under Vedavyasa , Gayatri , Kalyanamstu , Garuda and Bharathi schemes .

BC: Coronavirus: Spike of 57,982 cases in 24 hours. India's tally mounts to 26,47,663
AC: Coronavirus : Spike of 57,982 cases in 24 hours . India 's tally mounts to 26,47,663

BC: Sunil Kumar said.
AC: Sunil Kumar said .

BC: Telangana High Court Chief Justice RS Chauhan administered the oath of office to Soundararajan at a ceremony held at the Raj Bhavan.
AC: Telangana High Court Chief Justice RS Chauhan administered the oath of office to Soundararajan at a ceremony held at the Raj Bhavan .

BC: The film is ready for release.
AC: The film is ready for release .

BC: That isnt happening.
AC: That isnt happening .

BC: Fruits, vegetables...
AC: Fruits , vegetables ...

BC: The process is mechanised.
AC: The process is mechanised .

BC: Can I go to any branch of my bank?
AC: Can I go to any branch of my bank ?

BC: That is actually an incorrect statement.
AC: That is actually an incorrect statement .

BC: He was the seventh of eight children.
AC: He was the seventh of eight children .

BC: """Chief ministe r Chandrababu Naidu is not talking about special status for Andhra Pradesh."
AC: " " " Chief ministe r Chandrababu Naidu is not talking about special status for Andhra Pradesh . "

BC: This was approved by the board.
AC: This was approved by the board .

BC: On 23 August 1988 a big rally took place at the Vingis Park in Vilnius.
AC: On 23 August 1988 a big rally took place at the Vingis Park in Vilnius .

BC: But the film didnt start on time.
AC: But the film didnt start on time .

BC: This will also give employment to the local youth.
AC: This will also give employment to the local youth .

BC: """Lives of both students and teachers are important for us,"" he said"
AC: " " " Lives of both students and teachers are important for us , " " he said "

BC: With this, the state has recorded 1,52,765 cases
AC: With this , the state has recorded 1,52,765 cases

BC: On the orders of the judge, the Pandu was sent to the Rajahmundry Central Jail.
AC: On the orders of the judge , the Pandu was sent to the Rajahmundry Central Jail .

BC: Chandrababu would do anything to usurp power.
AC: Chandrababu would do anything to usurp power .

BC: He said that all possible assistance will be provided to the family of the deceased.
AC: He said that all possible assistance will be provided to the family of the deceased .

BC: She rushed him to the hospital.
AC: She rushed him to the hospital .

BC: Gold and silver jewellery worth Rs1 lakh were found burgled.
AC: Gold and silver jewellery worth Rs1 lakh were found burgled .

BC: Bollywood actress Alia Bhatt.
AC: Bollywood actress Alia Bhatt .

BC: Transport Minister Gopal Rai said...
AC: Transport Minister Gopal Rai said ...

BC: For example, Christians should be proud that Jehovah is their God and that he knows them.
AC: For example , Christians should be proud that Jehovah is their God and that he knows them .

BC: The fire was brought under control by the efforts of the fire brigade and security personnel.
AC: The fire was brought under control by the efforts of the fire brigade and security personnel .

BC: Among the southern stars, Rana Daggubati has been awarded the Most active South Indian actor while music director Anirudh gets the Most sensational on social media award.
AC: Among the southern stars , Rana Daggubati has been awarded the Most active South Indian actor while music director Anirudh gets the Most sensational on social media award .

BC: Besides Rajasthan, the Supreme Court also issued notices to the Maharashtra, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka and Jharkhand governments.
AC: Besides Rajasthan , the Supreme Court also issued notices to the Maharashtra , Gujarat , Madhya Pradesh , Karnataka and Jharkhand governments .

BC: Aditya Thackeray is a candidate from Worli constituency.
AC: Aditya Thackeray is a candidate from Worli constituency .

BC: They said: Let us eat and drink, for to - morrow we die.
AC: They said : Let us eat and drink , for to - morrow we die .

BC: But the situations are different.
AC: But the situations are different .

BC: Important issues were discussed in the meeting.
AC: Important issues were discussed in the meeting .

BC: Cases had been registered by both groups at the police station.
AC: Cases had been registered by both groups at the police station .

BC: They do that always.
AC: They do that always .

BC: "Its dead""."
AC: " Its dead " . " "

BC: There were protests across the country over the incident.
AC: There were protests across the country over the incident .

BC: Mumbai: When it rains, it pours.
AC: Mumbai : When it rains , it pours .

BC: It already is getting clogged.
AC: It already is getting clogged .

BC: However, she never returned home.
AC: However , she never returned home .

BC: He said the aim is for a reduction of Fiscal Deficit by 0.2% of GDP over RE 2017-18
AC: He said the aim is for a reduction of Fiscal Deficit by 0.2 % of GDP over RE 2017-18

BC: We want to make India a destination which not only welcomes business but where it is easy to do business.
AC: We want to make India a destination which not only welcomes business but where it is easy to do business .

BC: This means that at least 51 per cent of the shares will be held by the Government.
AC: This means that at least 51 per cent of the shares will be held by the Government .

BC: Not very likely.
AC: Not very likely .

BC: Theyre people.
AC: Theyre people .

BC: Why on earth?
AC: Why on earth ?

BC: The accident occurred...
AC: The accident occurred ...

BC: Oh yes!...
AC: Oh yes ! ...

BC: He said that a complaint had been filed with the police about this.
AC: He said that a complaint had been filed with the police about this .

BC: A total of 42,456 people have been infected with coronavirus to date, of which 11,422 have recovered and 1,390 have died
AC: A total of 42,456 people have been infected with coronavirus to date , of which 11,422 have recovered and 1,390 have died

BC: She held a Certificated Flight Instructor's license with airplane and glider ratings, Commercial Pilot's licenses for single- and multi-engine land and seaplanes, and Gliders, and instrument rating for airplanes.
AC: She held a Certificated Flight Instructor 's license with airplane and glider ratings , Commercial Pilot 's licenses for single- and multi-engine land and seaplanes , and Gliders , and instrument rating for airplanes .

BC: Its not the release.
AC: Its not the release .

BC: We need to make the State self-sufficient in food production.
AC: We need to make the State self-sufficient in food production .

BC: The Congress party denied this.
AC: The Congress party denied this .

BC: We, in turn, can be certain that if we manifest heartfelt faith in Jehovah, he will keep his promise: I will never leave you, and I will never abandon you.
AC: We , in turn , can be certain that if we manifest heartfelt faith in Jehovah , he will keep his promise : I will never leave you , and I will never abandon you .

BC: Lets discuss.
AC: Lets discuss .

BC: He later got bail.
AC: He later got bail .

BC: Cannot express my feelings!
AC: Cannot express my feelings !

BC: Begin with the downward dog pose.
AC: Begin with the downward dog pose .

BC: Production cost for telugu movie is between seven to ten crores.
AC: Production cost for telugu movie is between seven to ten crores .

BC: The event consisted of many performances and acts by students and dancers.
AC: The event consisted of many performances and acts by students and dancers .

BC: He is survived by his wife Sumalatha and a son Abhishek Gowda.
AC: He is survived by his wife Sumalatha and a son Abhishek Gowda .

BC: First phase!
AC: First phase !

BC: An Additional SP level officer has been given the responsibility of surveillance at his residence.
AC: An Additional SP level officer has been given the responsibility of surveillance at his residence .

BC: But they dont continue for long.
AC: But they dont continue for long .

BC: Kote Taluk Health Officer Dr. Ravikumar, Manandavadi Sub-Collector Vikal Bharadwaj, Kerala Health Department Assistant Director Dr. Nona and Malaria Control Officer Dr. Ashok Kumar.
AC: Kote Taluk Health Officer Dr. Ravikumar , Manandavadi Sub-Collector Vikal Bharadwaj , Kerala Health Department Assistant Director Dr. Nona and Malaria Control Officer Dr. Ashok Kumar .

BC: The Prime Minister said there was need for special products such as Kisan Mobile Phone, which catered to the special needs and requirements of farmers.
AC: The Prime Minister said there was need for special products such as Kisan Mobile Phone , which catered to the special needs and requirements of farmers .

BC: Who is KCR?
AC: Who is KCR ?

BC: India had produced a commanding batting performance in the first innings of the match to post 347 for four.
AC: India had produced a commanding batting performance in the first innings of the match to post 347 for four .

BC: Its enough.
AC: Its enough .

BC: The list of applicants also includes coaches from the Indian Super League and I-League.
AC: The list of applicants also includes coaches from the Indian Super League and I-League .

BC: This will benefits lakhs of people.
AC: This will benefits lakhs of people .

BC: Complete it.
AC: Complete it .

BC: The police said it had received the complaint and an inquiry had been initiated.
AC: The police said it had received the complaint and an inquiry had been initiated .

BC: He hasn't still decided where to go.
AC: He hasn 't still decided where to go .

BC: """There has never been any problem in the past"
AC: " " " There has never been any problem in the past "

BC: The Opposition did not budge.
AC: The Opposition did not budge .

BC: Andhra Pradesh, Arunachal Pradesh, Meghalaya, Uttarakhand, Mizoram, Nagaland, Sikkim, Lakshadweep, Andaman and Nicobar Islands and Telangana will vote in a single phase.
AC: Andhra Pradesh , Arunachal Pradesh , Meghalaya , Uttarakhand , Mizoram , Nagaland , Sikkim , Lakshadweep , Andaman and Nicobar Islands and Telangana will vote in a single phase .

BC: But it cant.
AC: But it cant .

BC: Pakistan has been rattled after the abrogation of Article 370 and is doing everything to internationalise the issue.
AC: Pakistan has been rattled after the abrogation of Article 370 and is doing everything to internationalise the issue .

BC: So, we need to be prepared.
AC: So , we need to be prepared .

BC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Parliamentary Affairs Minister Venkaiah Naidu.
AC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Parliamentary Affairs Minister Venkaiah Naidu .

BC: He is the Gods gift to me.
AC: He is the Gods gift to me .

BC: He hasnt been seen since.
AC: He hasnt been seen since .

BC: I started getting ready for the Civil Services.
AC: I started getting ready for the Civil Services .

BC: 603 crore.
AC: 603 crore .

BC: The harmonic major scale has a minor sixth.
AC: The harmonic major scale has a minor sixth .

BC: It also cited four cases registered in Hyderabad and two cases in Gujarat.
AC: It also cited four cases registered in Hyderabad and two cases in Gujarat .

BC: The chief minister was accompanied by party leader Shahnawaz Hussain, her son and Jhalawar MP Dushyant Singh, among others.
AC: The chief minister was accompanied by party leader Shahnawaz Hussain , her son and Jhalawar MP Dushyant Singh , among others .

BC: This has allowed newer formats like HDV to be used for editing.
AC: This has allowed newer formats like HDV to be used for editing .

BC: But here is the problem...
AC: But here is the problem ...

BC: Is the internet really free?
AC: Is the internet really free ?

BC: The film is presented by Bollywood superstar Salman Khan.
AC: The film is presented by Bollywood superstar Salman Khan .

BC: There is nothing new it.
AC: There is nothing new it .

BC: Arthur Llewellyn Basham, a noted historian and indologist, theorises that sabha was a meeting of great men in the tribe, whereas, samiti was a meeting of all free tribesmen.
AC: Arthur Llewellyn Basham , a noted historian and indologist , theorises that sabha was a meeting of great men in the tribe , whereas , samiti was a meeting of all free tribesmen .

BC: But the government doesnt say that.
AC: But the government doesnt say that .

BC: All facilities are there.
AC: All facilities are there .

BC: This is punishment.
AC: This is punishment .

BC: s it true?
AC: s it true ?

BC: So harmful is laziness that the apostle Paul found it necessary to write to fellow Christians in Thessalonica and correct certain individuals there who were walking disorderly not working at all but meddling with what did not concern them. Such ones imposed an expensive burden on the rest.
AC: So harmful is laziness that the apostle Paul found it necessary to write to fellow Christians in Thessalonica and correct certain individuals there who were walking disorderly not working at all but meddling with what did not concern them . Such ones imposed an expensive burden on the rest .

BC: He said that nobody would be allowed to take the law into their hands.
AC: He said that nobody would be allowed to take the law into their hands .

BC: Under this, the person who will issue the check will have to re-inform the date of the check electronically, the name of the beneficiary, the recipient and the amount of the payment.
AC: Under this , the person who will issue the check will have to re-inform the date of the check electronically , the name of the beneficiary , the recipient and the amount of the payment .

BC: Of these, the number of active cases is 1.43 lakhs.
AC: Of these , the number of active cases is 1.43 lakhs .

BC: But what is the use?
AC: But what is the use ?

BC: Congress spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala reiterated that Rahul Gandhi is still the party president.
AC: Congress spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala reiterated that Rahul Gandhi is still the party president .

BC: There are a lot of emotions too.
AC: There are a lot of emotions too .

BC: Bollywood star Ajay Devgn will play an important role in the film.
AC: Bollywood star Ajay Devgn will play an important role in the film .

BC: In these paintings, you will see images of Mohini, a female incarnation of Lord Vishnu
AC: In these paintings , you will see images of Mohini , a female incarnation of Lord Vishnu

BC: """We don't know whether the acute manifestation of diabetes in these patients represent classic type 1, type 2 or possibly a new form of diabetes,"" Rubino warned."
AC: " " " We don 't know whether the acute manifestation of diabetes in these patients represent classic type 1 , type 2 or possibly a new form of diabetes , " " Rubino warned . "

BC: But that project appears to have been put on hold.
AC: But that project appears to have been put on hold .

BC: The first driverless train will run on Line 7.
AC: The first driverless train will run on Line 7 .

BC: An Indian Army jawan was injured in Pakistan shelling.
AC: An Indian Army jawan was injured in Pakistan shelling .

BC: Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi,...
AC: Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi , ...

BC: She has also won a gold at the Commonwealth Games.
AC: She has also won a gold at the Commonwealth Games .

BC: The film is expected to...
AC: The film is expected to ...

BC: Carlos Brathwaite (captain), Fabian Allen, Darren Bravo, Shimron Hetmyer, Evin Lewis, Obed McCoy, Ashley Nurse, Keemo Paul, Khary Pierre, Kieron Pollard, Rovman Powell, Denesh Ramdin, Andre Russell, Sherfane Rutherford, Oshane Thomas.
AC: Carlos Brathwaite ( captain ) , Fabian Allen , Darren Bravo , Shimron Hetmyer , Evin Lewis , Obed McCoy , Ashley Nurse , Keemo Paul , Khary Pierre , Kieron Pollard , Rovman Powell , Denesh Ramdin , Andre Russell , Sherfane Rutherford , Oshane Thomas .

BC: When I won the election, the people of my constituency weighed me with coins.
AC: When I won the election , the people of my constituency weighed me with coins .

BC: All those are fake promises.
AC: All those are fake promises .

BC: This award is conferred on them by the India International Friendship Society.
AC: This award is conferred on them by the India International Friendship Society .

BC: It's d perfect amalgamation of action,comedy & romance.
AC: It 's d perfect amalgamation of action , comedy & romance .

BC: Thanks sir.
AC: Thanks sir .

BC: We cant do anything about it.
AC: We cant do anything about it .

BC: What happened to the real economy in the US?
AC: What happened to the real economy in the US ?

BC: No cancer.
AC: No cancer .

BC: Devulapalli Prabhakara Rao, Chairman, Telangana State Official Languages Commission.
AC: Devulapalli Prabhakara Rao , Chairman , Telangana State Official Languages Commission .

BC: Marathi, Hindi and Urdu are also spoken in the town.
AC: Marathi , Hindi and Urdu are also spoken in the town .

BC: The Congresss 2019 manifesto said the party would annul the APMC Act if came to power.
AC: The Congresss 2019 manifesto said the party would annul the APMC Act if came to power .

BC: The case has been reopened.
AC: The case has been reopened .

BC: There are a number of advantages to purchasing a new car during the festive season, especially around the Diwali period
AC: There are a number of advantages to purchasing a new car during the festive season , especially around the Diwali period

BC: Not central.
AC: Not central .

BC: India and France have been built on liberty, fraternity, and equality.
AC: India and France have been built on liberty , fraternity , and equality .

BC: Amaravati: The family members of slain YSRCP leader and former minister YS Vivekananda Reddy have raised several doubts over the investigation.
AC: Amaravati : The family members of slain YSRCP leader and former minister YS Vivekananda Reddy have raised several doubts over the investigation .

BC: It is found more among women than men.
AC: It is found more among women than men .

BC: Its either blue or red.
AC: Its either blue or red .

BC: That's what we believe.
AC: That 's what we believe .

BC: That?s true.
AC: That ? s true .

BC: Is this big money?
AC: Is this big money ?

BC: He returned home.
AC: He returned home .

BC: Actually, he doesn't have much of a choice.
AC: Actually , he doesn 't have much of a choice .

BC: 10 am: Voting begins in Manipur
AC: 10 am : Voting begins in Manipur

BC: """What more can I do?"
AC: " " " What more can I do ? "

BC: It will be tested soon.
AC: It will be tested soon .

BC: I don't like to be cynical about anything.
AC: I don 't like to be cynical about anything .

BC: This should also be considered.
AC: This should also be considered .

BC: Are you eating right?
AC: Are you eating right ?

BC: The movie was directed by Raj Kumar.
AC: The movie was directed by Raj Kumar .

BC: India has been saying on global platforms that Pakistan supported terrorism.
AC: India has been saying on global platforms that Pakistan supported terrorism .

BC: such a naturally beautiful girl.
AC: such a naturally beautiful girl .

BC: The flowers are white with pinkish anthers.
AC: The flowers are white with pinkish anthers .

BC: The 8GB + 128GB variant is priced at Rs 16,999.
AC: The 8GB + 128GB variant is priced at Rs 16,999 .

BC: I wasnt surprised.
AC: I wasnt surprised .

BC: One can never say who can meet whom in politics.
AC: One can never say who can meet whom in politics .

BC: Post Name: Accounts Assistants
AC: Post Name : Accounts Assistants

BC: This is called surge.
AC: This is called surge .

BC: The duo faced severe backlash for making inappropriate comments on women during a chat show, Koffee With Karan, hosted by Bollywood filmmaker Karan Johar.
AC: The duo faced severe backlash for making inappropriate comments on women during a chat show , Koffee With Karan , hosted by Bollywood filmmaker Karan Johar .

BC: This means that the plans will provide 3GB data per day.
AC: This means that the plans will provide 3GB data per day .

BC: Has that thought ever crossed your mind?
AC: Has that thought ever crossed your mind ?

BC: He also offered prayers there.
AC: He also offered prayers there .

BC: He was involved with RSS since he was a child.
AC: He was involved with RSS since he was a child .

BC: Its not a normal thing.
AC: Its not a normal thing .

BC: Music for the movie is tuned by Devisri Prasad.
AC: Music for the movie is tuned by Devisri Prasad .

BC: How does the therapy work?
AC: How does the therapy work ?

BC: That is not me!
AC: That is not me !

BC: He will face seventh seed Victor Axelson of Denmark in the second round.
AC: He will face seventh seed Victor Axelson of Denmark in the second round .

BC: La Cotte la Chvre is a small cave in Jersey.
AC: La Cotte la Chvre is a small cave in Jersey .

BC: Police have arrested the accused in the case.
AC: Police have arrested the accused in the case .

BC: Everyone has a responsibility to conserve.
AC: Everyone has a responsibility to conserve .

BC: The Assam floods have affected the Kaziranga National Park.
AC: The Assam floods have affected the Kaziranga National Park .

BC: (You are right.
AC: ( You are right .

BC: IIMs are recognized as world-class management Institutions and Centers of Excellence and have brought laurels to the country.
AC: IIMs are recognized as world-class management Institutions and Centers of Excellence and have brought laurels to the country .

BC: He's a happy man.
AC: He 's a happy man .

BC: Women are the foundation of a family.
AC: Women are the foundation of a family .

BC: All of a sudden, there was a face from home!
AC: All of a sudden , there was a face from home !

BC: They were all hits.
AC: They were all hits .

BC: Dark chocolate is loaded with organic compounds that are biologically active and function as antioxidants.
AC: Dark chocolate is loaded with organic compounds that are biologically active and function as antioxidants .

BC: "I will tell when the time will come""."
AC: " I will tell when the time will come " . " "

BC: Shri Amit Shah also inaugurated and laid foundation stone of six Ecoparks / Tourism sites in the presence of the Union Minister of Coal, Mines and Parliamentary Affairs, Shri Pralhad JoshiClimate change has impacted the world and only greenery is the solution to this crisis: Shri Amit ShahIndia moving towards zero imports of coal with an aim to realise PMs dream of Aatmanirbhar Bharat Union Home MinisterShri Amit Shah says plantation campaign launched today important as it coincides with the anniversaries of Lokmanya Balgangadhar Tilak and Chandrashekhar Azad, also asks the Coal Ministry to name the Ecoparks and Tourism Sites in memory of Lokmanya Tilak and Chadrasekhar AzadI congratulate Coal Ministry for planting 6 Lakh trees at more than 130 locations spread in 38 Districts of 10 States: Union Home Minister
AC: Shri Amit Shah also inaugurated and laid foundation stone of six Ecoparks / Tourism sites in the presence of the Union Minister of Coal , Mines and Parliamentary Affairs , Shri Pralhad JoshiClimate change has impacted the world and only greenery is the solution to this crisis : Shri Amit ShahIndia moving towards zero imports of coal with an aim to realise PMs dream of Aatmanirbhar Bharat Union Home MinisterShri Amit Shah says plantation campaign launched today important as it coincides with the anniversaries of Lokmanya Balgangadhar Tilak and Chandrashekhar Azad , also asks the Coal Ministry to name the Ecoparks and Tourism Sites in memory of Lokmanya Tilak and Chadrasekhar AzadI congratulate Coal Ministry for planting 6 Lakh trees at more than 130 locations spread in 38 Districts of 10 States : Union Home Minister

BC: History will not forgive.
AC: History will not forgive .

BC: In July, Congress president Rahul Gandhi had hugged and winked at Prime Minister Narendra Modi during a raging debate on No-Confidence Motion between the ruling National Democratic Alliance and the Opposition
AC: In July , Congress president Rahul Gandhi had hugged and winked at Prime Minister Narendra Modi during a raging debate on No-Confidence Motion between the ruling National Democratic Alliance and the Opposition

BC: The film, which was dubbed and released in Telugu as Whistle, has music by AR Rahman.
AC: The film , which was dubbed and released in Telugu as Whistle , has music by AR Rahman .

BC: Post-election:
AC: Post-election :

BC: Based on the complaint lodged by the girl's parents, the police registered a case.
AC: Based on the complaint lodged by the girl 's parents , the police registered a case .

BC: At least 30 people died due to the cyclone.
AC: At least 30 people died due to the cyclone .

BC: At the least.
AC: At the least .

BC: How many victims?
AC: How many victims ?

BC: Virat Kohli is quite expressive on the field.
AC: Virat Kohli is quite expressive on the field .

BC: Let us take a look at some:
AC: Let us take a look at some :

BC: Farmers will benefit if they can reduce their expenditure on crop production, the chief minister said.
AC: Farmers will benefit if they can reduce their expenditure on crop production , the chief minister said .

BC: Let us consider a few examples of such incomprehensible things. Then we will look at aspects of God we really can grasp.
AC: Let us consider a few examples of such incomprehensible things . Then we will look at aspects of God we really can grasp .

BC: Army Chief Bipin Rawat (File image)
AC: Army Chief Bipin Rawat ( File image )

BC: Dulquer Salmaan has always been vocal about his love for his daughter Maryam and wife Amal Sufia.
AC: Dulquer Salmaan has always been vocal about his love for his daughter Maryam and wife Amal Sufia .

BC: But it doesnt mean free-will to move out on streets.
AC: But it doesnt mean free-will to move out on streets .

BC: Are you going to carry on working?
AC: Are you going to carry on working ?

BC: The Scheme would attempt to fill in the gaps, where support is not available from other sources, especially for capital investment, handholding support, training and common infrastructure.
AC: The Scheme would attempt to fill in the gaps , where support is not available from other sources , especially for capital investment , handholding support , training and common infrastructure .

BC: Pakistan must realise and understand that it cannot take on India.
AC: Pakistan must realise and understand that it cannot take on India .

BC: I just reminded them this (pointing towards the badge on the jersey) is what we are playing for.
AC: I just reminded them this ( pointing towards the badge on the jersey ) is what we are playing for .

BC: All tests done.
AC: All tests done .

BC: Prices come down.
AC: Prices come down .

BC: The gates of the rivers are opened, and the palace is dissolved.
AC: The gates of the rivers are opened , and the palace is dissolved .

BC: Assembly Elections of Delhi are approaching.
AC: Assembly Elections of Delhi are approaching .

BC: Millions of employees will be cast out of work.
AC: Millions of employees will be cast out of work .

BC: "I wish the movie a great success."""
AC: " I wish the movie a great success . " " "

BC: During this, someone present at the spot took the video and uploaded it on social media.
AC: During this , someone present at the spot took the video and uploaded it on social media .

BC: Just get out.
AC: Just get out .

BC: The Sanchi stupas appear far away on the horizon.
AC: The Sanchi stupas appear far away on the horizon .

BC: There are some reasons why it occurs:
AC: There are some reasons why it occurs :

BC: India vs Bangladesh: BCCI awaits BCBs consent for Day-Night Test at Eden Gardens
AC: India vs Bangladesh : BCCI awaits BCBs consent for Day-Night Test at Eden Gardens

BC: Of course, this is too high a price.
AC: Of course , this is too high a price .

BC: There is very little difference among them.
AC: There is very little difference among them .

BC: Not angry at all.
AC: Not angry at all .

BC: The bypass will be 20 km long.
AC: The bypass will be 20 km long .

BC: Paddy cultivating districts of Krishna, Guntur, Nellore, East and West Godavari and Kurnool districts have recorded deficit rainfall.
AC: Paddy cultivating districts of Krishna , Guntur , Nellore , East and West Godavari and Kurnool districts have recorded deficit rainfall .

BC: The movie is bankrolled by Boney Kapoor under his production banner Bayview Projects LLP.
AC: The movie is bankrolled by Boney Kapoor under his production banner Bayview Projects LLP .

BC: Is there a sequel?
AC: Is there a sequel ?

BC: That number too is on the rise.
AC: That number too is on the rise .

BC: The bank interest rates have come down.
AC: The bank interest rates have come down .

BC: All are neatly dressed. And you people have cleaned the stadium so nicely.
AC: All are neatly dressed . And you people have cleaned the stadium so nicely .

BC: Youll see that too.
AC: Youll see that too .

BC: He also has a three-year-old daughter.
AC: He also has a three-year-old daughter .

BC: His name is Devi Chand.
AC: His name is Devi Chand .

BC: Later, he went to the police station and surrendered with the murder weapon.
AC: Later , he went to the police station and surrendered with the murder weapon .

BC: Netizens have posted comments on the video.
AC: Netizens have posted comments on the video .

BC: How is this proving true? How is the very voice of Jehovah being heard today?
AC: How is this proving true ? How is the very voice of Jehovah being heard today ?

BC: Her husband had an alleged illicit relation with another woman.
AC: Her husband had an alleged illicit relation with another woman .

BC: Massive protests against state's bifurcation rocked Seemandhra Tuesday
AC: Massive protests against state 's bifurcation rocked Seemandhra Tuesday

BC: 186 crores.
AC: 186 crores .

BC: 20 were missing.
AC: 20 were missing .

BC: After that.
AC: After that .

BC: India and China: A new beginning?
AC: India and China : A new beginning ?

BC: What for?
AC: What for ?

BC: Not criminals.
AC: Not criminals .

BC: SSL received a malformed Handshake record.
AC: SSL received a malformed Handshake record .

BC: It means they have failed.'
AC: It means they have failed . '

BC: The police registered a murder case.
AC: The police registered a murder case .

BC: There are a total of 50 seats.
AC: There are a total of 50 seats .

BC: look at what they are doing.
AC: look at what they are doing .

BC: %s's public files on %s
AC: % s 's public files on % s

BC: The protesters torched several vehicles and burnt railway stations and bus stands.
AC: The protesters torched several vehicles and burnt railway stations and bus stands .

BC: In fact there is no issue here.
AC: In fact there is no issue here .

BC: To be or not to be...
AC: To be or not to be ...

BC: The names of the committee members will be announced soon.
AC: The names of the committee members will be announced soon .

BC: Yes, Mirabai will not be taking part in the Asian Games, Indian Weightlifting Federation (IWLF) secretary Sahdev Yadav told PTI.
AC: Yes , Mirabai will not be taking part in the Asian Games , Indian Weightlifting Federation ( IWLF ) secretary Sahdev Yadav told PTI .

BC: Heres an example of whats going on:
AC: Heres an example of whats going on :

BC: He later started driving an auto rickshaw.
AC: He later started driving an auto rickshaw .

BC: However, since the 1970s electronic control of motor speed has become a common feature on the more expensive models.
AC: However , since the 1970s electronic control of motor speed has become a common feature on the more expensive models .

BC: Chidambarams wife Nalini, son Karti reach Delhi court
AC: Chidambarams wife Nalini , son Karti reach Delhi court

BC: What is their location?
AC: What is their location ?

BC: Shakti Kapoor reacts to Sharaddha Kapoor's wedding rumours
AC: Shakti Kapoor reacts to Sharaddha Kapoor 's wedding rumours

BC: The safety of citizens should be the top priority of the police.
AC: The safety of citizens should be the top priority of the police .

BC: Then shalt thou say in thine heart, Who hath begotten me these, seeing I have lost my children, and am desolate, a captive, and removing to and fro? and who hath brought up these? Behold, I was left alone. these, where had they been?
AC: Then shalt thou say in thine heart , Who hath begotten me these , seeing I have lost my children , and am desolate , a captive , and removing to and fro ? and who hath brought up these ? Behold , I was left alone. these , where had they been ?

BC: England won the toss and elected to field.
AC: England won the toss and elected to field .

BC: What is the cause behind such feelings?
AC: What is the cause behind such feelings ?

BC: Pre-production of the film is going on in full swing.
AC: Pre-production of the film is going on in full swing .

BC: This is said to have caused his wifes death.
AC: This is said to have caused his wifes death .

BC: Congratulations on winning the #Badminton World Championship and becoming the first Indian to do so.
AC: Congratulations on winning the # Badminton World Championship and becoming the first Indian to do so .

BC: However, many dont.
AC: However , many dont .

BC: These can over-dry and damage hair.
AC: These can over-dry and damage hair .

BC: No question whatsoever.
AC: No question whatsoever .

BC: Similarly, this Monsoon Session will bring in a new spirit after the successful implementation of GST.
AC: Similarly , this Monsoon Session will bring in a new spirit after the successful implementation of GST .

BC: will begin.
AC: will begin .

BC: Very dangerous.
AC: Very dangerous .

BC: Who is Lord Hanuman?
AC: Who is Lord Hanuman ?

BC: What has he done to accomplish all of this in order to strengthen the Christian congregation?
AC: What has he done to accomplish all of this in order to strengthen the Christian congregation ?

BC: Luke mentions the women who ministered to Christ and tells us that Martha and Mary entertained Him.
AC: Luke mentions the women who ministered to Christ and tells us that Martha and Mary entertained Him .

BC: She was freed by police.
AC: She was freed by police .

BC: The universe is in continued motion.
AC: The universe is in continued motion .

BC: 30 crores.
AC: 30 crores .

BC: Four Naxalites were also killed.
AC: Four Naxalites were also killed .

BC: It also asked the employees to call off the strike and come forward for talks with the government to resolve the issue.
AC: It also asked the employees to call off the strike and come forward for talks with the government to resolve the issue .

BC: Also, 100 SMS is available daily.
AC: Also , 100 SMS is available daily .

BC: It is because of Sonia Gandhi, we have got Telangana.
AC: It is because of Sonia Gandhi , we have got Telangana .

BC: He eventually won.
AC: He eventually won .

BC: Some go a step further.
AC: Some go a step further .

BC: However, Pakistan did not give up.
AC: However , Pakistan did not give up .

BC: It controls blood pressure.
AC: It controls blood pressure .

BC: It will reduce the swelling in knee joints.
AC: It will reduce the swelling in knee joints .

BC: That is a victory for TRS.
AC: That is a victory for TRS .

BC: Currently, Sonia Gandhi is the party President.
AC: Currently , Sonia Gandhi is the party President .

BC: An ideal A1c level is less than 7%.
AC: An ideal A1c level is less than 7 % .

BC: Efforts are being made to arrest the accused, he said.
AC: Efforts are being made to arrest the accused , he said .

BC: They come in different flavours and colours as well.
AC: They come in different flavours and colours as well .

BC: It remains to be seen whether they accept that or not.
AC: It remains to be seen whether they accept that or not .

BC: But captain Kane Williamson expects Bhuvneshwar to be fir for tomorrow's game
AC: But captain Kane Williamson expects Bhuvneshwar to be fir for tomorrow 's game

BC: Arts/Commerce
AC: Arts / Commerce

BC: After a long time the master of those slaves came and settled accounts with them. Matthew 25: 15 - 19.
AC: After a long time the master of those slaves came and settled accounts with them . Matthew 25 : 15 - 19 .

BC: He said that SC families were provided with free domestic electricity up to 200 units.
AC: He said that SC families were provided with free domestic electricity up to 200 units .

BC: He also worked as the Minister for Labour in Chandrababu Naidu cabinet.
AC: He also worked as the Minister for Labour in Chandrababu Naidu cabinet .

BC: Whose side is the ruling party on?
AC: Whose side is the ruling party on ?

BC: It was during her tenure as the external affairs minister that the Modi government removed Sujatha Singh as foreign secretary and brought in S Jaishankar.
AC: It was during her tenure as the external affairs minister that the Modi government removed Sujatha Singh as foreign secretary and brought in S Jaishankar .

BC: Her family members informed the police about it.
AC: Her family members informed the police about it .

BC: Police arrested the Congress leaders.
AC: Police arrested the Congress leaders .

BC: Wish you good luck!
AC: Wish you good luck !

BC: In the countryside, Methodism found its traditional stronghold.
AC: In the countryside , Methodism found its traditional stronghold .

BC: He places excessive centralisation of power in the political decision making, as one of Indias main problems.
AC: He places excessive centralisation of power in the political decision making , as one of Indias main problems .

BC: They argued.
AC: They argued .

BC: Happy Birthday dear husband!
AC: Happy Birthday dear husband !

BC: Going back to Congress?
AC: Going back to Congress ?

BC: Where are you going?
AC: Where are you going ?

BC: The Resident Commissioners also gave positive feedback from among all sections of people about the 20 lakh crore package announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
AC: The Resident Commissioners also gave positive feedback from among all sections of people about the 20 lakh crore package announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi .

BC: People need to recognise it.
AC: People need to recognise it .

BC: 3rd ODI: MS Dhoni breaks Sachin Tendulkar's record in Mohali
AC: 3rd ODI : MS Dhoni breaks Sachin Tendulkar 's record in Mohali

BC: Bengaluru: There seems to be no end to the political crisis in Karnataka anytime soon.
AC: Bengaluru : There seems to be no end to the political crisis in Karnataka anytime soon .

BC: They were shifted to Anantapur Government hospital.
AC: They were shifted to Anantapur Government hospital .

BC: 79 crores.
AC: 79 crores .

BC: The entries must contain the name, address, phone number, fax number and e-mail address.
AC: The entries must contain the name , address , phone number , fax number and e-mail address .

BC: Indian captain Virat Kohli continues to peel off runs and continues to toss records away.
AC: Indian captain Virat Kohli continues to peel off runs and continues to toss records away .

BC: It's a very pivotal time.
AC: It 's a very pivotal time .

BC: Nearby Kishan gunj is named after him.
AC: Nearby Kishan gunj is named after him .

BC: BJP MLA, wife slain in Madhya Pradesh
AC: BJP MLA , wife slain in Madhya Pradesh

BC: A decision in this regard was taken in the Cabinet meeting, headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi
AC: A decision in this regard was taken in the Cabinet meeting , headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi

BC: Theres an app for that!
AC: Theres an app for that !

BC: Each gram of protein provides 4 calories of energy.
AC: Each gram of protein provides 4 calories of energy .

BC: Ten others were seriously injured.
AC: Ten others were seriously injured .

BC: The police have arrested two in the case.
AC: The police have arrested two in the case .

BC: One last thing.
AC: One last thing .

BC: 9 lakhs seized.
AC: 9 lakhs seized .

BC: Trichochromes (formerly called trichosiderins) are pigments produced from the same metabolic pathway as the eumelanins and pheomelanins, but unlike those molecules they have low molecular weight.
AC: Trichochromes ( formerly called trichosiderins ) are pigments produced from the same metabolic pathway as the eumelanins and pheomelanins , but unlike those molecules they have low molecular weight .

BC: So far around 18 accused have been arrested.
AC: So far around 18 accused have been arrested .

BC: People of Haryana want change.
AC: People of Haryana want change .

BC: Chandrababu Naidu has deceived locals.
AC: Chandrababu Naidu has deceived locals .

BC: 1960 The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) is founded.
AC: 1960 The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) is founded .

BC: It is caused by the Yersinia pestis bacteria.
AC: It is caused by the Yersinia pestis bacteria .

BC: Bollywood celebs have also joined the league.
AC: Bollywood celebs have also joined the league .

BC: The first schedule of the film is over and the second schedule will roll out soon.
AC: The first schedule of the film is over and the second schedule will roll out soon .

BC: The movie is a remake of the Korean film Miss Granny.
AC: The movie is a remake of the Korean film Miss Granny .

BC: The polls were held in 12 districts except Vizianagaram.
AC: The polls were held in 12 districts except Vizianagaram .

BC: It is a very potent combination.
AC: It is a very potent combination .

BC: Bofors case: Supreme Court dismisses CBI appeal
AC: Bofors case : Supreme Court dismisses CBI appeal

BC: Sharma, Er.
AC: Sharma , Er .

BC: The two chatted briefly before posing for photos.
AC: The two chatted briefly before posing for photos .

BC: The gameplay is easy and fun.
AC: The gameplay is easy and fun .

BC: There are no teachers.
AC: There are no teachers .

BC: At first,...
AC: At first , ...

BC: The Padmanabhaswamy shrine in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, is believed to be one of the wealthiest temples in the country.
AC: The Padmanabhaswamy shrine in Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala , is believed to be one of the wealthiest temples in the country .

BC: help the baby develop.
AC: help the baby develop .

BC: Sharif raised the issue with the leaders of the US, the UK, Japan and Turkey and sought their intervention to resolve the matter
AC: Sharif raised the issue with the leaders of the US , the UK , Japan and Turkey and sought their intervention to resolve the matter

BC: It really happened.
AC: It really happened .

BC: They had three sons, Dattatreya, Durvasa and Chandra.
AC: They had three sons , Dattatreya , Durvasa and Chandra .

BC: The visit of US President Donald Trump to India has been a resounding success.
AC: The visit of US President Donald Trump to India has been a resounding success .

BC: Thats exactly what this movie is.
AC: Thats exactly what this movie is .

BC: Are you happy?
AC: Are you happy ?

BC: However, at Rs.
AC: However , at Rs.

BC: She even filed a complaint to the Kolkata Police as well.
AC: She even filed a complaint to the Kolkata Police as well .

BC: The music launch of the film is expected to happen soon.
AC: The music launch of the film is expected to happen soon .

BC: told the media.
AC: told the media .

BC: This video is not of India.
AC: This video is not of India .

BC: The water level in Godavari at Bhadrachalam is rising.
AC: The water level in Godavari at Bhadrachalam is rising .

BC: He has been removed as Rajasthan Deputy CM and state Congress chief.
AC: He has been removed as Rajasthan Deputy CM and state Congress chief .

BC: There was no rain.
AC: There was no rain .

BC: The movie is being helmed by Surender Reddy under Megapowerstar Ram Charan's Konidela Productions.
AC: The movie is being helmed by Surender Reddy under Megapowerstar Ram Charan 's Konidela Productions .

BC: The incident occurred when they were on way home.
AC: The incident occurred when they were on way home .

BC: Once launched, the Kia Sonet will be placed in the highly competitive compact-SUV segment in India
AC: Once launched , the Kia Sonet will be placed in the highly competitive compact-SUV segment in India

BC: Producer Dil Raju released the film.
AC: Producer Dil Raju released the film .

BC: This is going to be the last test.
AC: This is going to be the last test .

BC: Currently, the film shooting is taking place at the Aluminium factory in Hyderabad.
AC: Currently , the film shooting is taking place at the Aluminium factory in Hyderabad .

BC: It not only keeps your body healthy but calms your mind too.
AC: It not only keeps your body healthy but calms your mind too .

BC: Why is Modi saying it?
AC: Why is Modi saying it ?

BC: I'm president, and you're not: Trump tells Time
AC: I 'm president , and you 're not : Trump tells Time

BC: He was immediately caught and handed over to police.
AC: He was immediately caught and handed over to police .

BC: In the Rajya Sabha too the situation was similar.
AC: In the Rajya Sabha too the situation was similar .

BC: Even Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said the same thing.
AC: Even Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said the same thing .

BC: Or even better?
AC: Or even better ?

BC: The results of all these conflicts are almost complete emigration of the Serbs from all three regions, massive displacement of the populations in Bosnia and Herzegovina, and establishment of the three new independent states.
AC: The results of all these conflicts are almost complete emigration of the Serbs from all three regions , massive displacement of the populations in Bosnia and Herzegovina , and establishment of the three new independent states .

BC: The trailer is getting a huge response from the viewers.
AC: The trailer is getting a huge response from the viewers .

BC: At this point, add salt and sugar.
AC: At this point , add salt and sugar .

BC: Hajj is a religious obligation that every Muslim, if financially and physically able, must fulfil at least once in his or her lifetime.
AC: Hajj is a religious obligation that every Muslim , if financially and physically able , must fulfil at least once in his or her lifetime .

BC: He has been avoiding me ever since.
AC: He has been avoiding me ever since .

BC: The Tata Nexon rivals the likes of the Hyundai Venue, Ford EcoSport and the Maruti Suzuki Vitara Brezza
AC: The Tata Nexon rivals the likes of the Hyundai Venue , Ford EcoSport and the Maruti Suzuki Vitara Brezza

BC: Moreover ye see and hear, that not alone at Ephesus, but almost throughout all Asia, this Paul hath persuaded and turned away much people, saying that they be no gods, which are made with hands:
AC: Moreover ye see and hear , that not alone at Ephesus , but almost throughout all Asia , this Paul hath persuaded and turned away much people , saying that they be no gods , which are made with hands :

BC: It follows, therefore, that they too can choose to do right or to do wrong.
AC: It follows , therefore , that they too can choose to do right or to do wrong .

BC: But theres a solution to this.
AC: But theres a solution to this .

BC: There are two papers in the test.
AC: There are two papers in the test .

BC: Katharina had moved away and did not know all of this.
AC: Katharina had moved away and did not know all of this .

BC: The authorities are in a bind.
AC: The authorities are in a bind .

BC: The decision in this regard was taken at the cabinet meeting chaired by Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan.
AC: The decision in this regard was taken at the cabinet meeting chaired by Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan .

BC: This is the last step.
AC: This is the last step .

BC: Anthropological and archaeological research indicate that during the predynastic period Nubia and Nagadan Upper Egypt were ethnically, and culturally nearly identical, and thus, simultaneously evolved systems of pharaonic kingship by 3300 BC.
AC: Anthropological and archaeological research indicate that during the predynastic period Nubia and Nagadan Upper Egypt were ethnically , and culturally nearly identical , and thus , simultaneously evolved systems of pharaonic kingship by 3300 BC .

BC: I wish the movie a great success.
AC: I wish the movie a great success .

BC: """Supreme Court has allowed women of all ages to enter Sabarimala temple."
AC: " " " Supreme Court has allowed women of all ages to enter Sabarimala temple . "

BC: But fate frowned upon them.
AC: But fate frowned upon them .

BC: Stylish Star Allu Arjun plays the lead role while Sukumar is the director of the movie.
AC: Stylish Star Allu Arjun plays the lead role while Sukumar is the director of the movie .

BC: Dont take me back.
AC: Dont take me back .

BC: Other types of diabetes:
AC: Other types of diabetes :

BC: We do well to imitate their example.
AC: We do well to imitate their example .

BC: She is the producer in the film.
AC: She is the producer in the film .

BC: No matter whatever the difficulties, ITBP Jawans perform their duties with high morale and patriotism in the service of Mother India.
AC: No matter whatever the difficulties , ITBP Jawans perform their duties with high morale and patriotism in the service of Mother India .

BC: Why not adults?
AC: Why not adults ?

BC: The test will be held in Chemical Sciences, Earth Atmospheric Ocean and Planetary Sciences, Life Sciences, Mathematical Sciences and Physical Sciences.
AC: The test will be held in Chemical Sciences , Earth Atmospheric Ocean and Planetary Sciences , Life Sciences , Mathematical Sciences and Physical Sciences .

BC: Also, forethought should be given as to what will be done if a cesarean section is required.
AC: Also , forethought should be given as to what will be done if a cesarean section is required .

BC: The name comes from the Latin word rubidus, meaning deep red, the color of its emission spectrum.
AC: The name comes from the Latin word rubidus , meaning deep red , the color of its emission spectrum .

BC: This Chinese app has also been banned.
AC: This Chinese app has also been banned .

BC: Selection Methods: Written Test (Computer Based Test), Group Discussion and Personal Interview.
AC: Selection Methods : Written Test ( Computer Based Test ) , Group Discussion and Personal Interview .

BC: What is the method of assessment?
AC: What is the method of assessment ?

BC: Likewise let your light shine before men, that they may see your fine works and give glory to your Father who is in the heavens.
AC: Likewise let your light shine before men , that they may see your fine works and give glory to your Father who is in the heavens .

BC: Elaborate arrangements were being taken by the officials in this regard.
AC: Elaborate arrangements were being taken by the officials in this regard .

BC: "The film came out very well."""
AC: " The film came out very well . " " "

BC: Other companies too are headed in similar directions.
AC: Other companies too are headed in similar directions .

BC: Rohit failed to answer most questions.
AC: Rohit failed to answer most questions .

BC: We require more greenery.
AC: We require more greenery .

BC: The film directed by Vikram Kumar of Manam fame is Produced by Nagarjuna.
AC: The film directed by Vikram Kumar of Manam fame is Produced by Nagarjuna .

BC: Team India clinched the three-match series by winning the next two T20Is.
AC: Team India clinched the three-match series by winning the next two T20Is .

BC: In humans, there are 46 chromosomes, organised into 23 matched pairs.
AC: In humans , there are 46 chromosomes , organised into 23 matched pairs .

BC: Proof of date of birth.
AC: Proof of date of birth .

BC: Best Actress - Surabhi Lakshmi (Minnaminungu)
AC: Best Actress - Surabhi Lakshmi ( Minnaminungu )

BC: Other musts:
AC: Other musts :

BC: There will be some cultural programmes also, she said.
AC: There will be some cultural programmes also , she said .

BC: It is inspired by real-life incidents.
AC: It is inspired by real-life incidents .

BC: Police said the case is being registered and investigated as per the complaint lodged by the deceased's father Ramu.
AC: Police said the case is being registered and investigated as per the complaint lodged by the deceased 's father Ramu .

BC: Saw this video?
AC: Saw this video ?

BC: You are a fool.
AC: You are a fool .

BC: He won 6-3, 6-3, 6-4 against his opponent, Kevin Anderson.
AC: He won 6-3 , 6-3 , 6-4 against his opponent , Kevin Anderson .

BC: Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum is a film directed by Krish and jointly produced by Saibabu Jagarlamudi and Rajeev Reddy of First Frame Entertainment.
AC: Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum is a film directed by Krish and jointly produced by Saibabu Jagarlamudi and Rajeev Reddy of First Frame Entertainment .

BC: Enagala Venkatram Reddy will be the Congress candidate from Warangal, Komatireddy Laxmi from Nalgonda and Uday Mohan reddy from Ranga Reddy.
AC: Enagala Venkatram Reddy will be the Congress candidate from Warangal , Komatireddy Laxmi from Nalgonda and Uday Mohan reddy from Ranga Reddy .

BC: The fact is that it doesnt seem to.
AC: The fact is that it doesnt seem to .

BC: They will be married soon.
AC: They will be married soon .

BC: Google Street View is the service provided within Google Maps through which users can navigate through the panoramic imagery of the streets.
AC: Google Street View is the service provided within Google Maps through which users can navigate through the panoramic imagery of the streets .

BC: The release date of the film was also announced.
AC: The release date of the film was also announced .

BC: Its clever.
AC: Its clever .

BC: """I play games."
AC: " " " I play games . "

BC: It didnt happen.
AC: It didnt happen .

BC: 'Wed gone past pop.
AC: 'Wed gone past pop .

BC: IN BY far the majority of instances in the Christian Greek Scriptures, or New Testament, the word love is a translation of the Greek word agape.
AC: IN BY far the majority of instances in the Christian Greek Scriptures , or New Testament , the word love is a translation of the Greek word agape .

BC: A few tips that will help:
AC: A few tips that will help :

BC: He was afraid to use his own guys, so they sent a crew of Albanians after us.
AC: He was afraid to use his own guys , so they sent a crew of Albanians after us .

BC: Im expected to be at 80.
AC: Im expected to be at 80 .

BC: You can keep yourself fit and healthy by doing yoga regularly.
AC: You can keep yourself fit and healthy by doing yoga regularly .

BC: What is its cost?
AC: What is its cost ?

BC: The film has done 100 crore.
AC: The film has done 100 crore .

BC: The scheme has been implemented by 21 states.
AC: The scheme has been implemented by 21 states .

BC: (Tulika, 2011)
AC: ( Tulika , 2011 )

BC: He had lost his wife a few years ago and is survived by two daughters.
AC: He had lost his wife a few years ago and is survived by two daughters .

BC: The ambiance is comfortable and relaxed.
AC: The ambiance is comfortable and relaxed .

BC: I know that myself.
AC: I know that myself .

BC: Watch the movie.
AC: Watch the movie .

BC: She refused to marry him.
AC: She refused to marry him .

BC: The movie is receiving positive response from the audience.
AC: The movie is receiving positive response from the audience .

BC: Throughout the day cultural events take place.
AC: Throughout the day cultural events take place .

BC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi greeted the people of Telangana on the state formation day.
AC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi greeted the people of Telangana on the state formation day .

BC: 484 crore, CPI(M) Rs.
AC: 484 crore , CPI ( M ) Rs.

BC: Check out this video and be amazed!
AC: Check out this video and be amazed !

BC: Despite the State government allowing private offices to resume operations with 33% workforce, the IT/ITeS sector is waiting for more clarity before drawing up their back-to-office strategies
AC: Despite the State government allowing private offices to resume operations with 33 % workforce , the IT / ITeS sector is waiting for more clarity before drawing up their back-to-office strategies

BC: (Oxford University, 2010)
AC: ( Oxford University , 2010 )

BC: The police suspect that he had tried to sexually assault her.
AC: The police suspect that he had tried to sexually assault her .

BC: So essentially potential functions are true or are they exist for inviscid or irrotational flows.
AC: So essentially potential functions are true or are they exist for inviscid or irrotational flows .

BC: He always used such occasions to impart spiritual blessings. His early disciples imitated his example.
AC: He always used such occasions to impart spiritual blessings . His early disciples imitated his example .

BC: "Else, it will be a violation of the Vienna Convention,"" lead attorney Harish Salve said."
AC: " Else , it will be a violation of the Vienna Convention , " " lead attorney Harish Salve said . "

BC: However, religion as a whole constitutes another element of human society that has actually prevented millions from glorifying God. How so?
AC: However , religion as a whole constitutes another element of human society that has actually prevented millions from glorifying God . How so ?

BC: What more do girls need anyway?
AC: What more do girls need anyway ?

BC: It connects the existing FOB of the Chromepet railway station.
AC: It connects the existing FOB of the Chromepet railway station .

BC: This is the real problem.
AC: This is the real problem .

BC: Problems are known.
AC: Problems are known .

BC: a long time.
AC: a long time .

BC: In 1957, Esther learned that she was expecting a baby, and since a branch is not set up for parents with children, we decided to move to Denmark, where Father welcomed us to stay with him.
AC: In 1957 , Esther learned that she was expecting a baby , and since a branch is not set up for parents with children , we decided to move to Denmark , where Father welcomed us to stay with him .

BC: The movie is helmed by KS Ravindra.
AC: The movie is helmed by KS Ravindra .

BC: Democracy is being murdered.
AC: Democracy is being murdered .

BC: This was the second time that credentials presentation in Rashtrapati Bhavan happened through video-conference in the wake of COVID-19 pandemic.
AC: This was the second time that credentials presentation in Rashtrapati Bhavan happened through video-conference in the wake of COVID-19 pandemic .

BC: He demanded that the orders be revoked soon.
AC: He demanded that the orders be revoked soon .

BC: Kolkata Knight Riders are in a precarious position in the fight for the IPL 2020 playoffs.
AC: Kolkata Knight Riders are in a precarious position in the fight for the IPL 2020 playoffs .

BC: Elections are approaching.
AC: Elections are approaching .

BC: Initially, no seats were given to the college.
AC: Initially , no seats were given to the college .

BC: Out of them, three are Indians.
AC: Out of them , three are Indians .

BC: The Governor has invited the BJP to form a government.
AC: The Governor has invited the BJP to form a government .

BC: Virat Kohli has taken Indian cricket to another level.
AC: Virat Kohli has taken Indian cricket to another level .

BC: I am grateful to the United States and President (Barack) Obama for returning these treasures to India which join us to our past, he said.
AC: I am grateful to the United States and President ( Barack ) Obama for returning these treasures to India which join us to our past , he said .

BC: Vehicle checks were intensified.
AC: Vehicle checks were intensified .

BC: Be safe .. be healthy!
AC: Be safe .. be healthy !

BC: The parents were shocked when they saw the child was bleeding.
AC: The parents were shocked when they saw the child was bleeding .

BC: Then cool it and strain.
AC: Then cool it and strain .

BC: These are harming farmers.
AC: These are harming farmers .

BC: She usually travels by bus.
AC: She usually travels by bus .

BC: We get more than 100 messages every day.
AC: We get more than 100 messages every day .

BC: Rayapati has joined the TDP with the hope of getting the TTD chairman post.
AC: Rayapati has joined the TDP with the hope of getting the TTD chairman post .

BC: Section 144 has been imposed to this end.
AC: Section 144 has been imposed to this end .

BC: (via e-mail)
AC: ( via e-mail )

BC: towards his word to his mother he is far away from non veg,alchohol and ever go to prostitute
AC: towards his word to his mother he is far away from non veg , alchohol and ever go to prostitute

BC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi boards his flight to Delhi.
AC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi boards his flight to Delhi .

BC: Those who qualify for JEE-Main will then be required to take JEE-Advanced exam to get into the IITs.
AC: Those who qualify for JEE-Main will then be required to take JEE-Advanced exam to get into the IITs .

BC: Allu Arjun and Sukumar have joined their hands together for the film, Pushpa.
AC: Allu Arjun and Sukumar have joined their hands together for the film , Pushpa .

BC: It means the same thing.
AC: It means the same thing .

BC: The scribes and Pharisees pretended to be loyal teachers of Gods Law, but in reality they filled peoples minds with human teachings that drew attention away from God.
AC: The scribes and Pharisees pretended to be loyal teachers of Gods Law , but in reality they filled peoples minds with human teachings that drew attention away from God .

BC: Let us take a look at the timeline.
AC: Let us take a look at the timeline .

BC: Five accused have been arrested.
AC: Five accused have been arrested .

BC: Act responsibly.
AC: Act responsibly .

BC: 15 lakh as compensation.
AC: 15 lakh as compensation .

BC: Virat Kohli had commented on this video.
AC: Virat Kohli had commented on this video .

BC: Srikakulam: Nagavali river is flowing in full spate after moderate to heavy rains lashed several parts of Odisha and North Andhra Pradesh on Sunday
AC: Srikakulam : Nagavali river is flowing in full spate after moderate to heavy rains lashed several parts of Odisha and North Andhra Pradesh on Sunday

BC: A government order has also been issued in this regard.
AC: A government order has also been issued in this regard .

BC: They dont have any problem.
AC: They dont have any problem .

BC: It, however, operates only in the summer months.
AC: It , however , operates only in the summer months .

BC: Crops in hundreds of acres were submerged in floodwater.
AC: Crops in hundreds of acres were submerged in floodwater .

BC: Do I wish that the Christian would become Hindu?
AC: Do I wish that the Christian would become Hindu ?

BC: Oh no sir!
AC: Oh no sir !

BC: The regular shooting will begin soon.
AC: The regular shooting will begin soon .

BC: One letter said: Your beautiful gift, The Greatest Man Who Ever Lived, arrived the other day. We are so pleased to have it.
AC: One letter said : Your beautiful gift , The Greatest Man Who Ever Lived , arrived the other day . We are so pleased to have it .

BC: It's a fairytale.
AC: It 's a fairytale .

BC: Pakistani actress Mahira Khan.
AC: Pakistani actress Mahira Khan .

BC: RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat (File Photo)
AC: RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat ( File Photo )

BC: The father doesnt know that.
AC: The father doesnt know that .

BC: You can choose any of them.
AC: You can choose any of them .

BC: The judgement, delivered by Justices AK Sikri and Ashok Bhushan, said:
AC: The judgement , delivered by Justices AK Sikri and Ashok Bhushan , said :

BC: Life is a gift of God.
AC: Life is a gift of God .

BC: So, which units or which elements of the software we need to test independently and then do the integration testing in the conventional procedural programs the unit is a function, but as we will see just now that method is not really the basic unit of testing for object oriented programs.
AC: So , which units or which elements of the software we need to test independently and then do the integration testing in the conventional procedural programs the unit is a function , but as we will see just now that method is not really the basic unit of testing for object oriented programs .

BC: Later, they were fully exonerated. A Lookout on the Watch
AC: Later , they were fully exonerated . A Lookout on the Watch

BC: "I cannot tell you how happy I am."""
AC: " I cannot tell you how happy I am . " " "

BC: However, Saudi Arabia has denied this.
AC: However , Saudi Arabia has denied this .

BC: It's US, UK, Ireland and France.
AC: It 's US , UK , Ireland and France .

BC: There have been 102 deaths.
AC: There have been 102 deaths .

BC: European markets traded with gains.
AC: European markets traded with gains .

BC: The coronavirus cases in the world are increasing day by day.
AC: The coronavirus cases in the world are increasing day by day .

BC: Its all happening in the IPL!
AC: Its all happening in the IPL !

BC: Pakistan pacer Mohammad Irfan recently took to social media and quashed the rumours of his death due to a car accident.
AC: Pakistan pacer Mohammad Irfan recently took to social media and quashed the rumours of his death due to a car accident .

BC: But the truth is, I did know.
AC: But the truth is , I did know .

BC: This Policy proposes the revision and revamping of all aspects of the education structure, including its regulation and governance, to create a new system that is aligned with the aspirational goals of 21st century education, including Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) 4 of ensuring free, equitable, and quality primary and secondary education for all children, while building upon Indias traditions and value systems
AC: This Policy proposes the revision and revamping of all aspects of the education structure , including its regulation and governance , to create a new system that is aligned with the aspirational goals of 21st century education , including Sustainable Development Goal ( SDG ) 4 of ensuring free , equitable , and quality primary and secondary education for all children , while building upon Indias traditions and value systems

BC: I told him to wait.
AC: I told him to wait .

BC: Dont stress if you cant sleep.
AC: Dont stress if you cant sleep .

BC: Former Andhra Pradesh Assembly speaker and senior TDP leader Kodela Siva Prasad Raos death has given rise to so many doubts and suspicions.
AC: Former Andhra Pradesh Assembly speaker and senior TDP leader Kodela Siva Prasad Raos death has given rise to so many doubts and suspicions .

BC: The name of the company was not mentioned.
AC: The name of the company was not mentioned .

BC: Here are some other benefits.
AC: Here are some other benefits .

BC: There is no such thing!
AC: There is no such thing !

BC: Anantapur: Former MLA and Telugu Desam party leader Gurunath Reddy has left TDP for YSRCongress party.
AC: Anantapur : Former MLA and Telugu Desam party leader Gurunath Reddy has left TDP for YSRCongress party .

BC: Dont touch!
AC: Dont touch !

BC: Give none offence, neither to the Jews, nor to the Gentiles, nor to the church of God:
AC: Give none offence , neither to the Jews , nor to the Gentiles , nor to the church of God :

BC: Cases are increasing.
AC: Cases are increasing .

BC: Especially school education, where despite 12 years in it, a student has to take recourse to a high-cost tutorial to make the grade to get a medical or engineering admission
AC: Especially school education , where despite 12 years in it , a student has to take recourse to a high-cost tutorial to make the grade to get a medical or engineering admission

BC: BJP senior leader LK Advani.
AC: BJP senior leader LK Advani .

BC: It is time to vote.
AC: It is time to vote .

BC: Do not spread lies and hatred.
AC: Do not spread lies and hatred .

BC: The big fat Telugu wedding was held at Udaivilas palace hotel in Udaipur, Rajasthan.
AC: The big fat Telugu wedding was held at Udaivilas palace hotel in Udaipur , Rajasthan .

BC: The perpetrators should be given strict punishment.
AC: The perpetrators should be given strict punishment .

BC: Working as Software Engineer.
AC: Working as Software Engineer .

BC: `1,800 upwards.
AC: '1,800 upwards .

BC: """I got up edgy in the morning."
AC: " " " I got up edgy in the morning . "

BC: Krishna agrees to this.
AC: Krishna agrees to this .

BC: Congress leader Rahul Gandhi is on a three-day campaign tour of Tamil Nadu for the assembly elections to be held in the next few months.
AC: Congress leader Rahul Gandhi is on a three-day campaign tour of Tamil Nadu for the assembly elections to be held in the next few months .

BC: A murder case and a case under Arms Act have been registered.
AC: A murder case and a case under Arms Act have been registered .

BC: More than 320 people are believed dead overall.
AC: More than 320 people are believed dead overall .

BC: The police was informed.
AC: The police was informed .

BC: The girl was married off to another young man.
AC: The girl was married off to another young man .

BC: Openers Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan started with great caution.
AC: Openers Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan started with great caution .

BC: It is they who take this kind of decisions.
AC: It is they who take this kind of decisions .

BC: Her eyes were red with wrath.
AC: Her eyes were red with wrath .

BC: They are also students.
AC: They are also students .

BC: State Government will take care of all medical expenses of the injured, he said.
AC: State Government will take care of all medical expenses of the injured , he said .

BC: The main contest is between the Congress and BJP in the state.
AC: The main contest is between the Congress and BJP in the state .

BC: Singh has appeared in many comedy and reality shows on TV.
AC: Singh has appeared in many comedy and reality shows on TV .

BC: The epicenter was 10 kilometers under the seabed.
AC: The epicenter was 10 kilometers under the seabed .

BC: Pakistan Air Force puts Wing Commander Abhinandan's mannequin in museum
AC: Pakistan Air Force puts Wing Commander Abhinandan 's mannequin in museum

BC: He is an Army Captain.
AC: He is an Army Captain .

BC: Police obstructed this leading to a clash.
AC: Police obstructed this leading to a clash .

BC: But that plan did not work out.
AC: But that plan did not work out .

BC: This path is dangerous.
AC: This path is dangerous .

BC: He has seen what they can do.
AC: He has seen what they can do .

BC: Also, the Rs.
AC: Also , the Rs.

BC: Web page is the document which is written in HTML computer language.
AC: Web page is the document which is written in HTML computer language .

BC: They hurled stones at the police personnel.
AC: They hurled stones at the police personnel .

BC: The powertrain develops 30 bhp and 31 Nm of torque.
AC: The powertrain develops 30 bhp and 31 Nm of torque .

BC: 4 lakh loan had taken.
AC: 4 lakh loan had taken .

BC: But there is no opportunity.
AC: But there is no opportunity .

BC: Remember, though, that with these rich blessings from Jehovah comes a great responsibility.
AC: Remember , though , that with these rich blessings from Jehovah comes a great responsibility .

BC: It still exists.
AC: It still exists .

BC: The fans are devastated.
AC: The fans are devastated .

BC: The movie is a remake of blockbuster Marathi movie 'Sairat'.
AC: The movie is a remake of blockbuster Marathi movie ' Sairat ' .

BC: Check for instructions on the pack.
AC: Check for instructions on the pack .

BC: Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan will lend his voice for the Hindi part.
AC: Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan will lend his voice for the Hindi part .

BC: However, shooting hasnt begun yet.
AC: However , shooting hasnt begun yet .

BC: I thank the media for making the film a huge success.
AC: I thank the media for making the film a huge success .

BC: This time Congress' Sriprakash Jaiswal is facing-off BJP's Satyadev Pachauri.
AC: This time Congress ' Sriprakash Jaiswal is facing-off BJP 's Satyadev Pachauri .

BC: In the second Test at Napier he scored his highest score of 73.
AC: In the second Test at Napier he scored his highest score of 73 .

BC: At an average, Rs.
AC: At an average , Rs.

BC: The sacrifice of Colonel Santosh Babu , a Suryapet in Telangana, will forever be remembered by the Telugu people.
AC: The sacrifice of Colonel Santosh Babu , a Suryapet in Telangana , will forever be remembered by the Telugu people .

BC: Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal said only three of 529 media personnel have tested positive for the coronavirus.
AC: Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal said only three of 529 media personnel have tested positive for the coronavirus .

BC: The next step was to tackle the translation of Bible study aids of Jehovahs Witnesses.
AC: The next step was to tackle the translation of Bible study aids of Jehovahs Witnesses .

BC: He also quit the Telugu Desam Party to join YSR Congress.
AC: He also quit the Telugu Desam Party to join YSR Congress .

BC: And what exactly is a redneck?
AC: And what exactly is a redneck ?

BC: De De Pyaar De is a Bollywood film that stars Ajay Devgn, Tabu and Rakul Preet in lead roles.
AC: De De Pyaar De is a Bollywood film that stars Ajay Devgn , Tabu and Rakul Preet in lead roles .

BC: We are active in the Regional Cooperation Agreement on Combating Piracy and Armed Robbery against Ships in Asia in this very city.
AC: We are active in the Regional Cooperation Agreement on Combating Piracy and Armed Robbery against Ships in Asia in this very city .

BC: The Kartik month has begun.
AC: The Kartik month has begun .

BC: We will not leave.
AC: We will not leave .

BC: He said they will continue.
AC: He said they will continue .

BC: TRS is leading in nine seats in Telangana but BJP has also made some substantial gains.
AC: TRS is leading in nine seats in Telangana but BJP has also made some substantial gains .

BC: How much of...
AC: How much of ...

BC: See this photo.
AC: See this photo .

BC: Many think of clouds as the storehouses of snow.
AC: Many think of clouds as the storehouses of snow .

BC: The film, jointly produced by Pawan Kalyan, will be directed by Krishna Chaitanya.
AC: The film , jointly produced by Pawan Kalyan , will be directed by Krishna Chaitanya .

BC: It will take time to rectify them.
AC: It will take time to rectify them .

BC: However, thats not the case.
AC: However , thats not the case .

BC: He had two wives, Devayani and Sharmishtha.
AC: He had two wives , Devayani and Sharmishtha .

BC: Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma.
AC: Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma .

BC: Thats definite.
AC: Thats definite .

BC: Circuit overseers and elders remember the Governing Body by sticking closely to guidelines given to them.
AC: Circuit overseers and elders remember the Governing Body by sticking closely to guidelines given to them .

BC: Nifty bared held above the 11,000 mark.
AC: Nifty bared held above the 11,000 mark .

BC: This inspired book provides warning examples of how God deals with those who claim to serve him but who are unfaithful.
AC: This inspired book provides warning examples of how God deals with those who claim to serve him but who are unfaithful .

BC: It cannot be bought off with money.
AC: It cannot be bought off with money .

BC: Over 1,200 Indian soldiers, sailors, and airmen, and 500 US marines, sailors and airmen will participate in the nine-day exercise.
AC: Over 1,200 Indian soldiers , sailors , and airmen , and 500 US marines , sailors and airmen will participate in the nine-day exercise .

BC: 800 crores.
AC: 800 crores .

BC: The situation is same for them also.
AC: The situation is same for them also .

BC: Makthal: Chittem Rammohan Reddy of Telangana Rashtra Samithi
AC: Makthal : Chittem Rammohan Reddy of Telangana Rashtra Samithi

BC: You can wash it later.
AC: You can wash it later .

BC: Is this man for real?
AC: Is this man for real ?

BC: He also helps him indirectly to find a way back to Tenkkai.
AC: He also helps him indirectly to find a way back to Tenkkai .

BC: The police made arrests after the video clip went viral.
AC: The police made arrests after the video clip went viral .

BC: In between, I occupy myself as best I can.
AC: In between , I occupy myself as best I can .

BC: This film is a Telugu- Kannada bilingual.
AC: This film is a Telugu- Kannada bilingual .

BC: The patients who were admitted to the GGH were shifted to Guntur GGH.
AC: The patients who were admitted to the GGH were shifted to Guntur GGH .

BC: At a distance of about 50 km.
AC: At a distance of about 50 km .

BC: """Alphabet and Google no longer need two CEOs and a President."
AC: " " " Alphabet and Google no longer need two CEOs and a President . "

BC: As a result, it is almost impossible to properly estimate its numbers.
AC: As a result , it is almost impossible to properly estimate its numbers .

BC: Not out..!.
AC: Not out .. ! .

BC: Have they got no brains?
AC: Have they got no brains ?

BC: The issue was discussed at the cabinet meeting.
AC: The issue was discussed at the cabinet meeting .

BC: She was missing since then.
AC: She was missing since then .

BC: Police have arrived at the spot in the wake of the tense situation in the area following the incident.
AC: Police have arrived at the spot in the wake of the tense situation in the area following the incident .

BC: On orders of Jan Ranmalji, the tower was constructed for drought relief, when it failed to rain in the area during the years 1834, 1839 and 1846
AC: On orders of Jan Ranmalji , the tower was constructed for drought relief , when it failed to rain in the area during the years 1834 , 1839 and 1846

BC: This does not include DVD rentals/Blu-ray sales.
AC: This does not include DVD rentals / Blu-ray sales .

BC: This is a crucial phase of your career.
AC: This is a crucial phase of your career .

BC: But there are controversies.
AC: But there are controversies .

BC: In the incident, around 20 people were injured including the policemen.
AC: In the incident , around 20 people were injured including the policemen .

BC: The number of accidents too has increased.
AC: The number of accidents too has increased .

BC: The absence of Virat Kohli and Mohammed Shami is a major blow for Team India.
AC: The absence of Virat Kohli and Mohammed Shami is a major blow for Team India .

BC: Where were you off to anyway?
AC: Where were you off to anyway ?

BC: There are 400 types of beer.
AC: There are 400 types of beer .

BC: They are three of them.
AC: They are three of them .

BC: Leave the project.
AC: Leave the project .

BC: Climate change is now a major political talking point in Australia in the last two decades.
AC: Climate change is now a major political talking point in Australia in the last two decades .

BC: """No such proposal is under consideration of the government as on date,"" Communications Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha."
AC: " " " No such proposal is under consideration of the government as on date , " " Communications Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha . "

BC: Elections will be held in 14 seats in Uttar Pradesh, 10 seats in Haryana, eights constituencies each in Bihar, Madhya Pradesh and West Bengal, seven seats in Delhi and four in Jharkhand
AC: Elections will be held in 14 seats in Uttar Pradesh , 10 seats in Haryana , eights constituencies each in Bihar , Madhya Pradesh and West Bengal , seven seats in Delhi and four in Jharkhand

BC: Everyone was on social media.
AC: Everyone was on social media .

BC: He directed the officials concerned to get these removed immediately.
AC: He directed the officials concerned to get these removed immediately .

BC: Whered they come from?
AC: Whered they come from ?

BC: Did brother Hill frame them?
AC: Did brother Hill frame them ?

BC: Consult your doctor regarding the medications you must take.
AC: Consult your doctor regarding the medications you must take .

BC: You can choose any of them.
AC: You can choose any of them .

BC: The BJP has 69 members in Rajya Sabha.
AC: The BJP has 69 members in Rajya Sabha .

BC: Four police teams have been set up to nab the accused.
AC: Four police teams have been set up to nab the accused .

BC: I came across many such instances.
AC: I came across many such instances .

BC: There are many other avenues.
AC: There are many other avenues .

BC: An event was held at Prasad Lab in Hyderabad to celebrate the occasion.
AC: An event was held at Prasad Lab in Hyderabad to celebrate the occasion .

BC: However, the cost has shot up to Rs
AC: However , the cost has shot up to Rs

BC: "But I do not want to remain the party president,"" Rahul Gandhi said."
AC: " But I do not want to remain the party president , " " Rahul Gandhi said . "

BC: There are no side-effects.
AC: There are no side-effects .

BC: The news of death came as a shock for everyone in the film industry.
AC: The news of death came as a shock for everyone in the film industry .

BC: This is the question.
AC: This is the question .

BC: It had challenged the order of Delhi High Court dismissing its plea.
AC: It had challenged the order of Delhi High Court dismissing its plea .

BC: YADADRI BHUVANAGIRI: Regardless of whether the Congress high command gives him the post of TPCC chief or not, Bhongir MP Komatireddy Venkat Reddy vowed to stay loyal to the party.
AC: YADADRI BHUVANAGIRI : Regardless of whether the Congress high command gives him the post of TPCC chief or not , Bhongir MP Komatireddy Venkat Reddy vowed to stay loyal to the party .

BC: The scheme will help offset the disability for domestic manufacturing of electronic components and semiconductors in order to strengthen the electronic manufacturing ecosystem in the country.
AC: The scheme will help offset the disability for domestic manufacturing of electronic components and semiconductors in order to strengthen the electronic manufacturing ecosystem in the country .

BC: Asus ROG Phone 2 is a true premium phone in terms of design and build quality.
AC: Asus ROG Phone 2 is a true premium phone in terms of design and build quality .

BC: The colours look good too.
AC: The colours look good too .

BC: Delhi High Court will hear Kanhaiya's bail plea tomorrow
AC: Delhi High Court will hear Kanhaiya 's bail plea tomorrow

BC: The virus has till date claimed over 7,800 lives worldwide.
AC: The virus has till date claimed over 7,800 lives worldwide .

BC: Haarika & hassine Creation and NTR Arts will jointly produce the film.
AC: Haarika & hassine Creation and NTR Arts will jointly produce the film .

BC: For this film?
AC: For this film ?

BC: Joint Collector Venkateshwarulu, District Revenue Officer Anjaiah, DPRO Rammohan Rao, AO Sudarshan and others were present.
AC: Joint Collector Venkateshwarulu , District Revenue Officer Anjaiah , DPRO Rammohan Rao , AO Sudarshan and others were present .

BC: Indian Railways is also looking to set up solar power plants along tracks on railway land, she said.
AC: Indian Railways is also looking to set up solar power plants along tracks on railway land , she said .

BC: This is all drama.
AC: This is all drama .

BC: 20 crores for the film.
AC: 20 crores for the film .

BC: A journalist.
AC: A journalist .

BC: I never did such a thing.
AC: I never did such a thing .

BC: Farmers are demanding the implementation of the Swaminathan Committee's recommendations and crop loan waiver.
AC: Farmers are demanding the implementation of the Swaminathan Committee 's recommendations and crop loan waiver .

BC: Raksha Mantri Shri Rajnath Singh had launched the Ministry of Defence (MoD) No Objection Certificate (NOC) web portal https://modnoc.ncog.gov.in/loginfor undertaking aerial surveys
AC: Raksha Mantri Shri Rajnath Singh had launched the Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) No Objection Certificate ( NOC ) web portal https : / / modnoc.ncog.gov.in / loginfor undertaking aerial surveys

BC: At the time there wasn't.
AC: At the time there wasn 't .

BC: The film will be released in Telugu as Nawab.
AC: The film will be released in Telugu as Nawab .

BC: Mumbai: Legendary actor Dilip Kumar has been admitted to Lilavati Hospital.
AC: Mumbai : Legendary actor Dilip Kumar has been admitted to Lilavati Hospital .

BC: I am so happy to have been given this opportunity, he said.
AC: I am so happy to have been given this opportunity , he said .

BC: However, YCP MP Vijayasay Reddy tweeted about this.
AC: However , YCP MP Vijayasay Reddy tweeted about this .

BC: The Chief Justice of India, Sharad Arvind Bobde, was recently spotted atop a Harley-Davidson CVO Limited bike in Nagpur, Maharashtra.
AC: The Chief Justice of India , Sharad Arvind Bobde , was recently spotted atop a Harley-Davidson CVO Limited bike in Nagpur , Maharashtra .

BC: good sign.
AC: good sign .

BC: But, it is totally reverse.
AC: But , it is totally reverse .

BC: The party's national spokesperson, Priyanka Chautrvedi, asked if there's any urgency, why the government did not ask the French company to supply all the aircraft in one go.
AC: The party 's national spokesperson , Priyanka Chautrvedi , asked if there 's any urgency , why the government did not ask the French company to supply all the aircraft in one go .

BC: But other Indian batsmen didn't stand up to the challenge.
AC: But other Indian batsmen didn 't stand up to the challenge .

BC: "Balaam said to God, ""Balak the son of Zippor, king of Moab, has said to me,"
AC: " Balaam said to God , " " Balak the son of Zippor , king of Moab , has said to me , "

BC: Some doubts are there.
AC: Some doubts are there .

BC: There are several:
AC: There are several :

BC: The incident took place in Alampura village of Gangoh tehsil.
AC: The incident took place in Alampura village of Gangoh tehsil .

BC: That was a big debate.
AC: That was a big debate .

BC: The government had announced compensation to the victim's family members.
AC: The government had announced compensation to the victim 's family members .

BC: A case has been registered under Section 377.
AC: A case has been registered under Section 377 .

BC: Two people died in a road accident in Maharashtras Ghatkopar.
AC: Two people died in a road accident in Maharashtras Ghatkopar .

BC: """There is pressure on them."
AC: " " " There is pressure on them . "

BC: At this BJP members protested.
AC: At this BJP members protested .

BC: Interested candidates will be able to apply online.
AC: Interested candidates will be able to apply online .

BC: Nirav Modi writes to bankers, reportedly offers to repay the loans
AC: Nirav Modi writes to bankers , reportedly offers to repay the loans

BC: He was, however, not admitted to the hospital.
AC: He was , however , not admitted to the hospital .

BC: """This is..."
AC: " " " This is ... "

BC: The protesters demanded protection of Sikhs residing in Pakistan.
AC: The protesters demanded protection of Sikhs residing in Pakistan .

BC: What are you, made of rocks, dude?
AC: What are you , made of rocks , dude ?

BC: The children become tired.
AC: The children become tired .

BC: We will win this fight together.
AC: We will win this fight together .

BC: lakshmi narayana yadav park - near ESI:lakshmi narayana yadav park is one of the famous parks in hyderabad
AC: lakshmi narayana yadav park - near ESI : lakshmi narayana yadav park is one of the famous parks in hyderabad

BC: The reasons for the denials have not been disclosed.
AC: The reasons for the denials have not been disclosed .

BC: He also slammed the Congress for attacking Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan.
AC: He also slammed the Congress for attacking Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan .

BC: Will you be interested in buying such a vehicle?
AC: Will you be interested in buying such a vehicle ?

BC: Then, Leelavathi plans a series of dramas which makes Priya hate Arun.
AC: Then , Leelavathi plans a series of dramas which makes Priya hate Arun .

BC: Batting first, the openers Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma got India off to a flyer.
AC: Batting first , the openers Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma got India off to a flyer .

BC: This was objected to by BJP and Congress MLAs.
AC: This was objected to by BJP and Congress MLAs .

BC: therefore I have declared it to you from of old. before it came to pass I showed it to you. lest you should say, 'My idol has done them, and my engraved image, and my molten image, has commanded them.'
AC: therefore I have declared it to you from of old. before it came to pass I showed it to you. lest you should say , ' My idol has done them , and my engraved image , and my molten image , has commanded them . '

BC: These are just the minimum requirements.
AC: These are just the minimum requirements .

BC: The reality is different.
AC: The reality is different .

BC: Sathiyan (table tennis)
AC: Sathiyan ( table tennis )

BC: But what about birds?
AC: But what about birds ?

BC: They will not come out of the bone.
AC: They will not come out of the bone .

BC: I had not worked for some time.
AC: I had not worked for some time .

BC: We follow some method.
AC: We follow some method .

BC: She was raped subsequently.
AC: She was raped subsequently .

BC: As the new day starts, the city magistrates send constables to release Paul and Silas.
AC: As the new day starts , the city magistrates send constables to release Paul and Silas .

BC: I am waiting to be married, and when I am Ill be proud to tell the Christian man I marry that Ive remained chaste. In what ways might our chaste conduct promote pure worship?
AC: I am waiting to be married , and when I am Ill be proud to tell the Christian man I marry that Ive remained chaste . In what ways might our chaste conduct promote pure worship ?

BC: 76 lakh crore.
AC: 76 lakh crore .

BC: They didn't care.
AC: They didn 't care .

BC: Drink lots of water.
AC: Drink lots of water .

BC: 6,000 crore.
AC: 6,000 crore .

BC: The Court also laid down detailed guidelines for prevention and redressal of grievances.
AC: The Court also laid down detailed guidelines for prevention and redressal of grievances .

BC: Union Minister of State for Consumer Affairs, Food Public Distribution and Commerce Industry, Shri C.R. Chaudhary is also likely to address the gathering.
AC: Union Minister of State for Consumer Affairs , Food Public Distribution and Commerce Industry , Shri C.R. Chaudhary is also likely to address the gathering .

BC: He makes particular YouTube situation videos.
AC: He makes particular YouTube situation videos .

BC: Take me to to the spot where my husband was killed and shoot me.
AC: Take me to to the spot where my husband was killed and shoot me .

BC: This led to a clash between farmers and the police.
AC: This led to a clash between farmers and the police .

BC: The coronavirus cases in the world are increasing day by day.
AC: The coronavirus cases in the world are increasing day by day .

BC: Well, Coursera says you didn't do your self assessment.
AC: Well , Coursera says you didn 't do your self assessment .

BC: She died of heart stroke, the authorities said.
AC: She died of heart stroke , the authorities said .

BC: The others lost the elections.
AC: The others lost the elections .

BC: All very delicious and quite perfect.
AC: All very delicious and quite perfect .

BC: This brings the total reported cases of in Rajasthan to 2,770.
AC: This brings the total reported cases of in Rajasthan to 2,770 .

BC: Indian cricket team captain Virat Kohli with teammates.
AC: Indian cricket team captain Virat Kohli with teammates .

BC: Parents want what is best for their children.
AC: Parents want what is best for their children .

BC: Why is change so hard?
AC: Why is change so hard ?

BC: It is clear.
AC: It is clear .

BC: The device comes with 8 GB of internal storage for apps and 1 GB RAM.
AC: The device comes with 8 GB of internal storage for apps and 1 GB RAM .

BC: CM Pinarayi Vijayan has written a letter to Prime Minister demanding the withdrawal of the decision.
AC: CM Pinarayi Vijayan has written a letter to Prime Minister demanding the withdrawal of the decision .

BC: The police are investigating both complaints.
AC: The police are investigating both complaints .

BC: But thats another article.
AC: But thats another article .

BC: The incident took place in Krishna Lanka locality, Vijayawada city in Andhra Pradesh.
AC: The incident took place in Krishna Lanka locality , Vijayawada city in Andhra Pradesh .

BC: He befriended the girl.
AC: He befriended the girl .

BC: For entry into:
AC: For entry into :

BC: After his imprisonment, Darin Mazzarella agreed to become a government witness in 1997.
AC: After his imprisonment , Darin Mazzarella agreed to become a government witness in 1997 .

BC: In India, the number of coronavirus cases has been rising daily.
AC: In India , the number of coronavirus cases has been rising daily .

BC: I love comedy, romance and action films.
AC: I love comedy , romance and action films .

BC: Then moisten with water and rub gently.
AC: Then moisten with water and rub gently .

BC: But things turned out very differently.
AC: But things turned out very differently .

BC: The price keeps increasing day by day.
AC: The price keeps increasing day by day .

BC: They become good friends.
AC: They become good friends .

BC: 50 million).
AC: 50 million ) .

BC: Ashish Khetan (File photo)
AC: Ashish Khetan ( File photo )

BC: HYDERABAD: Telangana municipal elections completed peacefully in entire Telangana.
AC: HYDERABAD : Telangana municipal elections completed peacefully in entire Telangana .

BC: He never received it.
AC: He never received it .

BC: There include:
AC: There include :

BC: The village has around 500 houses.
AC: The village has around 500 houses .

BC: Gold prices stayed flat, while silver edged higher, tracking a rise in copper.
AC: Gold prices stayed flat , while silver edged higher , tracking a rise in copper .

BC: Large-scale protests have been held across India.
AC: Large-scale protests have been held across India .

BC: After lunch, darshanam to srinivasa mangapuram, kanipaka kshetram.
AC: After lunch , darshanam to srinivasa mangapuram , kanipaka kshetram .

BC: The movie is helmed by K. V. Anand.
AC: The movie is helmed by K. V. Anand .

BC: During the Baroque era, the Jesuits greatly influenced Polish literature and literary techniques, often relying on God and religious matters.
AC: During the Baroque era , the Jesuits greatly influenced Polish literature and literary techniques , often relying on God and religious matters .

BC: The smartphone is powered by the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 865 processor.
AC: The smartphone is powered by the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 865 processor .

BC: RTC bus school bus collide, driver students injured
AC: RTC bus school bus collide , driver students injured

BC: They are said to be mostly from Punjab and Haryana.
AC: They are said to be mostly from Punjab and Haryana .

BC: 10,000 to start with.
AC: 10,000 to start with .

BC: There were also some incidents of violence.
AC: There were also some incidents of violence .

BC: Much of what we read in them makes us think of real situations that have been transpiring since the Kingdom was established in heaven in 1914.
AC: Much of what we read in them makes us think of real situations that have been transpiring since the Kingdom was established in heaven in 1914 .

BC: Telugu Desam Party (TDP) chief N Chandrababu Naidu and chief minister YS Jaganmohan Reddy.
AC: Telugu Desam Party ( TDP ) chief N Chandrababu Naidu and chief minister YS Jaganmohan Reddy .

BC: Stay informed of what your friends are up to.
AC: Stay informed of what your friends are up to .

BC: New { $type } value
AC: New { $ type } value

BC: You have fun with friends.
AC: You have fun with friends .

BC: University Press of Mississippi.
AC: University Press of Mississippi .

BC: And an overseer in the Translation Department observes about the translators: The desire to have Bible publications in their language is so strong that they are making every effort to meet the challenge.
AC: And an overseer in the Translation Department observes about the translators : The desire to have Bible publications in their language is so strong that they are making every effort to meet the challenge .

BC: Delhi has 17 COVID Care Centres with a capacity for around 5,000 beds.
AC: Delhi has 17 COVID Care Centres with a capacity for around 5,000 beds .

BC: Films are watched on the mobile phone.
AC: Films are watched on the mobile phone .

BC: But it went on for days.
AC: But it went on for days .

BC: Naidu has been trying to unite opposition parties to take on the BJP in the general elections.
AC: Naidu has been trying to unite opposition parties to take on the BJP in the general elections .

BC: He that is touching you is touching my eyeball, says Jehovah.
AC: He that is touching you is touching my eyeball , says Jehovah .

BC: So it should be with us. Having done everything within our power, we must leave the rest to Jehovah.
AC: So it should be with us . Having done everything within our power , we must leave the rest to Jehovah .

BC: The Supreme Courts verdict says they dont have evidence to say that a temple was demolished and a mosque was built.
AC: The Supreme Courts verdict says they dont have evidence to say that a temple was demolished and a mosque was built .

BC: The film is directed by Krishna Chaitanya and produced by Trivikram Srinivas and Pawan Kalyan under PK Creative Works.
AC: The film is directed by Krishna Chaitanya and produced by Trivikram Srinivas and Pawan Kalyan under PK Creative Works .

BC: Theres going to be moments where some of the things that she does is pretty questionable.
AC: Theres going to be moments where some of the things that she does is pretty questionable .

BC: Our mission is to ensure the Internet is a global public resource, open and accessible to all. An Internet that truly puts people first, where individuals can shape their own experience and are empowered, safe and independent.
AC: Our mission is to ensure the Internet is a global public resource , open and accessible to all . An Internet that truly puts people first , where individuals can shape their own experience and are empowered , safe and independent .

BC: This is the theory of karma.
AC: This is the theory of karma .

BC: The film is being made on a huge budget.
AC: The film is being made on a huge budget .

BC: The motion poster of the film was recently released.
AC: The motion poster of the film was recently released .

BC: 2 Days in the Valley.
AC: 2 Days in the Valley .

BC: Is this worse?
AC: Is this worse ?

BC: Indian Institute of Science Education and Research (IISER)
AC: Indian Institute of Science Education and Research ( IISER )

BC: She did not relent.
AC: She did not relent .

BC: No hike in petrol, diesel prices
AC: No hike in petrol , diesel prices

BC: But it happened out of nowhere.
AC: But it happened out of nowhere .

BC: Besides Nitish, 12 members each from RJD and JD(U) and four from Congress were administered oath as ministers by Governor Ram Nath Kovind.
AC: Besides Nitish , 12 members each from RJD and JD ( U ) and four from Congress were administered oath as ministers by Governor Ram Nath Kovind .

BC: I have three sisters.
AC: I have three sisters .

BC: Special attention needs to be paid to health.
AC: Special attention needs to be paid to health .

BC: I wasnt distressed.
AC: I wasnt distressed .

BC: I still get sleepless nights.
AC: I still get sleepless nights .

BC: And here's what experts say about cleaning your fruits and veggies amid the COVID-19 pandemic
AC: And here 's what experts say about cleaning your fruits and veggies amid the COVID-19 pandemic

BC: The coffee is delicious.
AC: The coffee is delicious .

BC: The trailer has increased the expectations on the film.
AC: The trailer has increased the expectations on the film .

BC: Dont compare them with others.
AC: Dont compare them with others .

BC: They all count!
AC: They all count !

BC: The film is being produced by Rudrapati Ramana Rao and the music is being composed by Mani Sharma.
AC: The film is being produced by Rudrapati Ramana Rao and the music is being composed by Mani Sharma .

BC: Im frightened.
AC: Im frightened .

BC: Cost Rs 600.
AC: Cost Rs 600 .

BC: Police have confirmed this.
AC: Police have confirmed this .

BC: She was later given a clean chit in the case by the court.
AC: She was later given a clean chit in the case by the court .

BC: 5, 6. How may we abound in deeds of mercy in our association with the local congregation?
AC: 5 , 6 . How may we abound in deeds of mercy in our association with the local congregation ?

BC: India never got going while chasing the target.
AC: India never got going while chasing the target .

BC: """When I made my comeback, Virat Kohli supported me."
AC: " " " When I made my comeback , Virat Kohli supported me . "

BC: Similarly, 5089 MT of copra having MSP value of Rs.52.40 Crore has been procured benefitting 3961 farmers in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu
AC: Similarly , 5089 MT of copra having MSP value of Rs.52.40 Crore has been procured benefitting 3961 farmers in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu

BC: However, a telephone company in Pine Bluff had interviewed me for a job.
AC: However , a telephone company in Pine Bluff had interviewed me for a job .

BC: Rs 20 lakh.
AC: Rs 20 lakh .

BC: Former India captain MS Dhoni.
AC: Former India captain MS Dhoni .

BC: Five persons were killed and six others were injured in four separate accidents in the city.
AC: Five persons were killed and six others were injured in four separate accidents in the city .

BC: "It is much more than that,"" he says."
AC: " It is much more than that , " " he says . "

BC: This is what the TDP leaders are doing.
AC: This is what the TDP leaders are doing .

BC: Modi quipped.
AC: Modi quipped .

BC: This feature of the typical Mosaic law strongly foreshadowed the refuge which the sinner may find in Christ, stated the September 1, 1895, issue.
AC: This feature of the typical Mosaic law strongly foreshadowed the refuge which the sinner may find in Christ , stated the September 1 , 1895 , issue .

BC: But its hard to say how likely this is.
AC: But its hard to say how likely this is .

BC: It has its advantages.
AC: It has its advantages .

BC: To make this concoction, you would need the following recipes:
AC: To make this concoction , you would need the following recipes :

BC: This is what the election commission has announced.
AC: This is what the election commission has announced .

BC: You wont believe me.
AC: You wont believe me .

BC: The temptation is to give up in the struggle and become another casualty of Satans assault.
AC: The temptation is to give up in the struggle and become another casualty of Satans assault .

BC: Change _Priority
AC: Change _ Priority

BC: Along with 141 sub-registrar offices, 443 Mandal offices will perform the work of property registrations and there will be no separate department for the registrations, the chief minister said
AC: Along with 141 sub-registrar offices , 443 Mandal offices will perform the work of property registrations and there will be no separate department for the registrations , the chief minister said

BC: Conventions had always been a highlight for me, so it was delightful to help organize these events.
AC: Conventions had always been a highlight for me , so it was delightful to help organize these events .

BC: A bus and a rickshaw fell into a well after collided into each other, in Deola area of Nashik.
AC: A bus and a rickshaw fell into a well after collided into each other , in Deola area of Nashik .

BC: He said the KCR government had failed completely in the state administration.
AC: He said the KCR government had failed completely in the state administration .

BC: Out of total 31 applications under equal number of projects for this relief, Rs two crore has been released, while Rs one crore is under process.
AC: Out of total 31 applications under equal number of projects for this relief , Rs two crore has been released , while Rs one crore is under process .

BC: State Congress chief Botsa Satyanarayana took a swipe against Leader of the Opposition Chandrababu Naidu.
AC: State Congress chief Botsa Satyanarayana took a swipe against Leader of the Opposition Chandrababu Naidu .

BC: after these two movies, N.T.R shifted his residence to Madras
AC: after these two movies , N.T.R shifted his residence to Madras

BC: The same has been happening in Assam.
AC: The same has been happening in Assam .

BC: There was no let up for nearly half-an-hour.
AC: There was no let up for nearly half-an-hour .

BC: Mangalore City police Commissioner Seemanth Kumar Singh, Deputy Commissioner of Police R Ramesh, Superintendent of Police Dr A Subramanyeshwar Rao, Additional Superintendent of police Amith Singh, MLA Yogish Bhat, Capt Ganesh karnik, MLC were also present on the occasion.
AC: Mangalore City police Commissioner Seemanth Kumar Singh , Deputy Commissioner of Police R Ramesh , Superintendent of Police Dr A Subramanyeshwar Rao , Additional Superintendent of police Amith Singh , MLA Yogish Bhat , Capt Ganesh karnik , MLC were also present on the occasion .

BC: Cut down on unnecessary expenditure.
AC: Cut down on unnecessary expenditure .

BC: The film was successful.
AC: The film was successful .

BC: The film won the National Film award for Best Tamil Film.
AC: The film won the National Film award for Best Tamil Film .

BC: Yeah, I think about it a lot.
AC: Yeah , I think about it a lot .

BC: Among those killed were nine women and 11 children.
AC: Among those killed were nine women and 11 children .

BC: Kings XI Punjab: KL Rahul(w/c), Mandeep Singh, Chris Gayle, Nicholas Pooran, Glenn Maxwell, Deepak Hooda, Chris Jordan, Murugan Ashwin, Ravi Bishnoi, Mohammed Shami, Arshdeep Singh, Mayank Agarwal, Karun Nair, Krishnappa Gowtham, James Neesham, Sheldon Cottrell, Sarfaraz Khan, Hardus Viljoen, Jagadeesha Suchith, Ishan Porel, Mujeeb Ur Rahman, Tajinder Singh, Darshan Nalkande, Simran Singh, Harpreet Brar
AC: Kings XI Punjab : KL Rahul ( w / c ) , Mandeep Singh , Chris Gayle , Nicholas Pooran , Glenn Maxwell , Deepak Hooda , Chris Jordan , Murugan Ashwin , Ravi Bishnoi , Mohammed Shami , Arshdeep Singh , Mayank Agarwal , Karun Nair , Krishnappa Gowtham , James Neesham , Sheldon Cottrell , Sarfaraz Khan , Hardus Viljoen , Jagadeesha Suchith , Ishan Porel , Mujeeb Ur Rahman , Tajinder Singh , Darshan Nalkande , Simran Singh , Harpreet Brar

BC: After this, Jesus knowing that all things were now accomplished, that the scripture might be fulfilled, saith, I thirst.
AC: After this , Jesus knowing that all things were now accomplished , that the scripture might be fulfilled , saith , I thirst .

BC: For the first time in the history of IPL, the franchises have been left to fight till the end to book a spot in the next phase with just 1 or 2 games left
AC: For the first time in the history of IPL , the franchises have been left to fight till the end to book a spot in the next phase with just 1 or 2 games left

BC: Have regular health check-ups.
AC: Have regular health check-ups .

BC: It's A Spongebob Christmas!
AC: It 's A Spongebob Christmas !

BC: They include two Tamil language films and two Malayalam.
AC: They include two Tamil language films and two Malayalam .

BC: With the lockdown eased out and socio-economic activities resumed, especially with the commencement of post-monsoon working season, the water supply infrastructure activities have to be implemented on a bigger scale and with speed to achieve the goal of providing tap water connections to all rural households
AC: With the lockdown eased out and socio-economic activities resumed , especially with the commencement of post-monsoon working season , the water supply infrastructure activities have to be implemented on a bigger scale and with speed to achieve the goal of providing tap water connections to all rural households

BC: After 30 overs, Pakistan were 143/3.
AC: After 30 overs , Pakistan were 143 / 3 .

BC: The BJP has a different agenda.
AC: The BJP has a different agenda .

BC: They are not combative and vicious.
AC: They are not combative and vicious .

BC: Highlights of the Governor's Speech:
AC: Highlights of the Governor 's Speech :

BC: Add bell pepper, garlic and cumin.
AC: Add bell pepper , garlic and cumin .

BC: During night, temperatures in the region plunge to below minus 200 degrees Celsius.
AC: During night , temperatures in the region plunge to below minus 200 degrees Celsius .

BC: Lets understand this with an example.
AC: Lets understand this with an example .

BC: This will help quell the unrest.
AC: This will help quell the unrest .

BC: That said.
AC: That said .

BC: Who will kill whom?
AC: Who will kill whom ?

BC: But that perception is slowly changing.
AC: But that perception is slowly changing .

BC: Tell me,
AC: Tell me ,

BC: Moreover, Dr Jitendra Singh said, the Contract Agreement with the farmers is to get the fixed price
AC: Moreover , Dr Jitendra Singh said , the Contract Agreement with the farmers is to get the fixed price

BC: These were placed in the tomb about 3,000 BC.
AC: These were placed in the tomb about 3,000 BC .

BC: The police then rescued the child.
AC: The police then rescued the child .

BC: The Congress workers demanded action against the Minister.
AC: The Congress workers demanded action against the Minister .

BC: What about the court decision?
AC: What about the court decision ?

BC: How to manage this?
AC: How to manage this ?

BC: Rewind a little.
AC: Rewind a little .

BC: But discipline helps.
AC: But discipline helps .

BC: Pakistan Super League (PSL) 2019: Schedule
AC: Pakistan Super League ( PSL ) 2019 : Schedule

BC: In Zoroastrian tradition, life is a temporary state in which a mortal is expected to actively participate in the continuing battle between Asha and Druj.
AC: In Zoroastrian tradition , life is a temporary state in which a mortal is expected to actively participate in the continuing battle between Asha and Druj .

BC: How did he become great?
AC: How did he become great ?

BC: Recently, the trailer of the film was released.
AC: Recently , the trailer of the film was released .

BC: Looks like Bigg Boss 2 winner Kaushal is over the moon, thanks to his unbelievable fan following.
AC: Looks like Bigg Boss 2 winner Kaushal is over the moon , thanks to his unbelievable fan following .

BC: Ginger, garlic and spices.
AC: Ginger , garlic and spices .

BC: And 10 measly grand's all you got to show for?
AC: And 10 measly grand 's all you got to show for ?

BC: Has no rights.
AC: Has no rights .

BC: "According to Piotr uczynski, deputy mayor, the memorial ""will highlight the towns importance as an academic centre""."
AC: " According to Piotr uczynski , deputy mayor , the memorial " " will highlight the towns importance as an academic centre " . " "

BC: We will get this done soon.
AC: We will get this done soon .

BC: But he never graduated.
AC: But he never graduated .

BC: Everything has to be reimagined.
AC: Everything has to be reimagined .

BC: A complaint was lodged.
AC: A complaint was lodged .

BC: The same thing happened to the BJP.
AC: The same thing happened to the BJP .

BC: Why is there fear?
AC: Why is there fear ?

BC: Has his loving kindness vanished forever? Does his promise fail for generations?
AC: Has his loving kindness vanished forever ? Does his promise fail for generations ?

BC: I congratulate you for that.
AC: I congratulate you for that .

BC: Akta scored 38 runs.
AC: Akta scored 38 runs .

BC: Many women experience body pain and fatigue.
AC: Many women experience body pain and fatigue .

BC: I saw insects.
AC: I saw insects .

BC: Furthermore, unity in faith hinges on beliefs based solidly on Gods Word, the Bible. Rather than coming through compromise, true unity comes from learning and doing what God asks of us.
AC: Furthermore , unity in faith hinges on beliefs based solidly on Gods Word , the Bible . Rather than coming through compromise , true unity comes from learning and doing what God asks of us .

BC: The body was sent to hospital for postmortem.
AC: The body was sent to hospital for postmortem .

BC: """Do you know what Jaganmohan Reddy had studied?"
AC: " " " Do you know what Jaganmohan Reddy had studied ? "

BC: That's my job, right now, on this pass.
AC: That 's my job , right now , on this pass .

BC: Hyderabad: Ahead of US President Donald Trumps daughter Ivanka Trumps visit to Hyderabad, the citys Police Commissioner has issued a bizarre notification where he has banned begging on the streets.
AC: Hyderabad : Ahead of US President Donald Trumps daughter Ivanka Trumps visit to Hyderabad , the citys Police Commissioner has issued a bizarre notification where he has banned begging on the streets .

BC: Abdominal pain and swelling.
AC: Abdominal pain and swelling .

BC: Hyderabad: TRS president and caretaker Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao (KCR) has decided to intensify his poll campaign after Diwali.
AC: Hyderabad : TRS president and caretaker Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao ( KCR ) has decided to intensify his poll campaign after Diwali .

BC: After the arrival of the Army, some 1,500 refugees that had fled to the hills, including women and children, returned to the town.
AC: After the arrival of the Army , some 1,500 refugees that had fled to the hills , including women and children , returned to the town .

BC: "Commenting on the special value-added initiatives, Naveen Soni, Senior Vice President, Sales and Services, Toyota Kirloskar Motor, said, ""We would like to sincerely thank all our customers for their support and understanding during this difficult time"
AC: " Commenting on the special value-added initiatives , Naveen Soni , Senior Vice President , Sales and Services , Toyota Kirloskar Motor , said , " " We would like to sincerely thank all our customers for their support and understanding during this difficult time "

BC: He was a Congress minister.
AC: He was a Congress minister .

BC: In Haryana, former State Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda is trailing in Sonipat.
AC: In Haryana , former State Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda is trailing in Sonipat .

BC: The injured were rushed to the government hospital in Guntur.
AC: The injured were rushed to the government hospital in Guntur .

BC: That made me realize that the habit is not harmless.
AC: That made me realize that the habit is not harmless .

BC: IT sector boost.
AC: IT sector boost .

BC: The Chief Minister has instructed the officials concerned to fill up all the vacancies from Panchayat Secretary to the CEO.
AC: The Chief Minister has instructed the officials concerned to fill up all the vacancies from Panchayat Secretary to the CEO .

BC: The police are investigating to ascertain more details.
AC: The police are investigating to ascertain more details .

BC: The motorcycle can also be synced with the Revolt app on the smartphone, which provides additional AI-features as well
AC: The motorcycle can also be synced with the Revolt app on the smartphone , which provides additional AI-features as well

BC: Citing government data, the former finance minister said the GDP growth rate was 8 per cent in 2015-16, 7.1 per cent in 2016-17
AC: Citing government data , the former finance minister said the GDP growth rate was 8 per cent in 2015-16 , 7.1 per cent in 2016-17

BC: How does this longing come?
AC: How does this longing come ?

BC: Pawan Kalyan had...
AC: Pawan Kalyan had ...

BC: It is very troubling.
AC: It is very troubling .

BC: After this, wash the face with cold water.
AC: After this , wash the face with cold water .

BC: The attempt...
AC: The attempt ...

BC: This film also stars Kajal Aggarwal and Rakul Preet Singh in pivotal roles.
AC: This film also stars Kajal Aggarwal and Rakul Preet Singh in pivotal roles .

BC: The movie was directed by Abhishek Varman.
AC: The movie was directed by Abhishek Varman .

BC: Pawan Kalyan Thanks Allu Arjun For His Support!
AC: Pawan Kalyan Thanks Allu Arjun For His Support !

BC: First wicket of the day for India.
AC: First wicket of the day for India .

BC: It looks pre-war.
AC: It looks pre-war .

BC: The film has been remade in Tamil and Hindi.
AC: The film has been remade in Tamil and Hindi .

BC: Around 75 per cent voting was registered in the bye-election.
AC: Around 75 per cent voting was registered in the bye-election .

BC: As the minister was speaking, TDP members insisted on a debate on the adjournment resolutions and disturbed the house
AC: As the minister was speaking , TDP members insisted on a debate on the adjournment resolutions and disturbed the house

BC: By 1954, there were 20,728 Muslim women recovered from India, and 9,032 Hindu and Sikh women recovered from Pakistan.
AC: By 1954 , there were 20,728 Muslim women recovered from India , and 9,032 Hindu and Sikh women recovered from Pakistan .

BC: The cinematography is superb.
AC: The cinematography is superb .

BC: Telangana government issued an order to this effect the same day.
AC: Telangana government issued an order to this effect the same day .

BC: In the film, Kriti plays a journalist.
AC: In the film , Kriti plays a journalist .

BC: This energy is almost 6 million times greater than the energy released during the Chelyabinsk event in 2013.
AC: This energy is almost 6 million times greater than the energy released during the Chelyabinsk event in 2013 .

BC: Android users can download the app from Google play store.
AC: Android users can download the app from Google play store .

BC: No Worries?
AC: No Worries ?

BC: It is relaxing and de-stressing.
AC: It is relaxing and de-stressing .

BC: You can find more here:
AC: You can find more here :

BC: But that doesnt seem to have happened.
AC: But that doesnt seem to have happened .

BC: The affected skin can become red, swollen and blistered.
AC: The affected skin can become red , swollen and blistered .

BC: How do children learn?
AC: How do children learn ?

BC: The trailer was recently released.
AC: The trailer was recently released .

BC: Things started to pick up after Mid-Ohio.
AC: Things started to pick up after Mid-Ohio .

BC: For claiming the rights issue shares, investor needs to buy RIL-RE shares on or before May 29, and pay the upfront 25% price of Rs. 314.25.
AC: For claiming the rights issue shares , investor needs to buy RIL-RE shares on or before May 29 , and pay the upfront 25 % price of Rs. 314.25 .

BC: However, the message is totally fake.
AC: However , the message is totally fake .

BC: They traveled from Rithmah, and encamped in Rimmon Perez.
AC: They traveled from Rithmah , and encamped in Rimmon Perez .

BC: According to the proposal, a per the census of 2011, 45,614 habitations of population 250 are unconnected as of now.
AC: According to the proposal , a per the census of 2011 , 45,614 habitations of population 250 are unconnected as of now .

BC: What to do, how to do
AC: What to do , how to do

BC: Cuts down the additional fat in the body.
AC: Cuts down the additional fat in the body .

BC: Heavy damage to Pakistan army posts and casualties to Pakistani soldiers have been inflicted by our troops, a Defence spokesman confirmed.
AC: Heavy damage to Pakistan army posts and casualties to Pakistani soldiers have been inflicted by our troops , a Defence spokesman confirmed .

BC: Shiv Sena, Congress and the NCP have come together.
AC: Shiv Sena , Congress and the NCP have come together .

BC: Add four cups of water.
AC: Add four cups of water .

BC: However, the doctors deny the allegation.
AC: However , the doctors deny the allegation .

BC: In fact, there are numerous Bible passages that assure us of this.
AC: In fact , there are numerous Bible passages that assure us of this .

BC: The court rejected it.
AC: The court rejected it .

BC: Friends, there is a saying here - , , that is, our willpower and determination charts our path forward.
AC: Friends , there is a saying here - , , that is , our willpower and determination charts our path forward .

BC: Christ and his associate rulers will govern millions of sheeplike men and women upon whom the prophetic psalm will find its happy fulfillment: The meek ones themselves will possess the earth, and they will indeed find their exquisite delight in the abundance of peace. Psalm 37: 11. Matthew 25: 33, 34, 46. Happy Are Those Hungering for Righteousness
AC: Christ and his associate rulers will govern millions of sheeplike men and women upon whom the prophetic psalm will find its happy fulfillment : The meek ones themselves will possess the earth , and they will indeed find their exquisite delight in the abundance of peace . Psalm 37 : 11 . Matthew 25 : 33 , 34 , 46 . Happy Are Those Hungering for Righteousness

BC: TVS Ntorq 125 Prices Increase For Second Time After BS6 Update: Here Is The New Price List
AC: TVS Ntorq 125 Prices Increase For Second Time After BS6 Update : Here Is The New Price List

BC: Let's go to Delhi.
AC: Let 's go to Delhi .

BC: True Christians manifest their loyal support of Jehovahs chosen King by declaring this good news of the kingdom to others. Matthew 24: 14.
AC: True Christians manifest their loyal support of Jehovahs chosen King by declaring this good news of the kingdom to others . Matthew 24 : 14 .

BC: This film released in the year 1974.
AC: This film released in the year 1974 .

BC: Chennai, December 13: A Chennai police inspector was killed in a shoot-out in Rajasthan's Pali district in the early hours of Wednesday where a special team of Tamil Nadu went to nab suspects wanted in connection with a gold heist here
AC: Chennai , December 13 : A Chennai police inspector was killed in a shoot-out in Rajasthan 's Pali district in the early hours of Wednesday where a special team of Tamil Nadu went to nab suspects wanted in connection with a gold heist here

BC: The court had last month reserved its judgment.
AC: The court had last month reserved its judgment .

BC: Lake Tana in the north is the source of the Blue Nile.
AC: Lake Tana in the north is the source of the Blue Nile .

BC: People must have considered them to be crazy.
AC: People must have considered them to be crazy .

BC: Other Opposition party MPs also staged a protest in solidarity with Congress.
AC: Other Opposition party MPs also staged a protest in solidarity with Congress .

BC: The government will take action in this regard.
AC: The government will take action in this regard .

BC: Great Brahman!
AC: Great Brahman !

BC: Cinema is a powerful medium.
AC: Cinema is a powerful medium .

BC: She was taken to a hospital.
AC: She was taken to a hospital .

BC: Investments above Rs 600 crore have to get approval from Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA).
AC: Investments above Rs 600 crore have to get approval from Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs ( CCEA ) .

BC: Swings the ball both ways.
AC: Swings the ball both ways .

BC: We are a community.
AC: We are a community .

BC: Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan along with his mother came and cast his vote at Ratan Devi Public School in Krishna Nagar.
AC: Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan along with his mother came and cast his vote at Ratan Devi Public School in Krishna Nagar .

BC: And Jacob heard that he had defiled Dinah his daughter: now his sons were with his cattle in the field: and Jacob held his peace until they were come.
AC: And Jacob heard that he had defiled Dinah his daughter : now his sons were with his cattle in the field : and Jacob held his peace until they were come .

BC: """My name has been besmirched unnecessarily."""
AC: " " " My name has been besmirched unnecessarily . " " "

BC: Do they have families?
AC: Do they have families ?

BC: From where did they come, and when?
AC: From where did they come , and when ?

BC: She is his second wife.
AC: She is his second wife .

BC: Who are exposed to these toxins?
AC: Who are exposed to these toxins ?

BC: No need to fear anything.
AC: No need to fear anything .

BC: What is his profession?
AC: What is his profession ?

BC: There are a lot of emotions.
AC: There are a lot of emotions .

BC: The political situation in Tamil Nadu took a series of dramatic turns in the weeks following the death of Jayalalithaa.
AC: The political situation in Tamil Nadu took a series of dramatic turns in the weeks following the death of Jayalalithaa .

BC: Many of his stories were made into films.
AC: Many of his stories were made into films .

BC: As India moves closer to the US, Pakistan has been accelerating its attempts to build deeper military ties with China.
AC: As India moves closer to the US , Pakistan has been accelerating its attempts to build deeper military ties with China .

BC: I had gone to US for treatment.
AC: I had gone to US for treatment .

BC: Call: 104
AC: Call : 104

BC: No no.
AC: No no .

BC: Possible only with precautions.
AC: Possible only with precautions .

BC: This is a hilarious video.
AC: This is a hilarious video .

BC: In for some shopping?
AC: In for some shopping ?

BC: However, the investigation didn't progress.
AC: However , the investigation didn 't progress .

BC: 2 crore.
AC: 2 crore .

BC: Family problems will be resolved.
AC: Family problems will be resolved .

BC: He tweeted it also.
AC: He tweeted it also .

BC: How safe is the vaccine?
AC: How safe is the vaccine ?

BC: This is just that.
AC: This is just that .

BC: That is education.
AC: That is education .

BC: There is no wave.
AC: There is no wave .

BC: government employee,
AC: government employee ,

BC: Speaking about her career path, she says: I have done item numbers in both Malayalam and Hindi films.
AC: Speaking about her career path , she says : I have done item numbers in both Malayalam and Hindi films .

BC: How will a quick temper affect me?
AC: How will a quick temper affect me ?

BC: I have even produced two films.
AC: I have even produced two films .

BC: Indian Railways has modified instructions for 30 special Rajdhani type trains started w.e.f.12.05.2020 and 200 Special Mail Express to be introduced w.e.f.01.06.2020 (total 230 trains)
AC: Indian Railways has modified instructions for 30 special Rajdhani type trains started w.e.f.12.05.2020 and 200 Special Mail Express to be introduced w.e.f.01.06.2020 ( total 230 trains )

BC: 5,000 would be given as cash prizes.
AC: 5,000 would be given as cash prizes .

BC: It means:
AC: It means :

BC: He came out.
AC: He came out .

BC: The interior of the Datsun Go Live features yellow stitchings on the seats, yellow seatbelts and yellow backlit for the instrument cluster
AC: The interior of the Datsun Go Live features yellow stitchings on the seats , yellow seatbelts and yellow backlit for the instrument cluster

BC: The discussions are still on.
AC: The discussions are still on .

BC: Tricolor flag - Pingali Venkayya made it.
AC: Tricolor flag - Pingali Venkayya made it .

BC: Presented by Shivani & Shivatmika, Kalki is being produced on Happy Movies banner by C Kalyan.
AC: Presented by Shivani & Shivatmika , Kalki is being produced on Happy Movies banner by C Kalyan .

BC: Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) found the location of Chandrayaan-2s Vikram Lander, which had lost contact with the space agency from the Moons surface due to hard landing.
AC: Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO ) found the location of Chandrayaan-2s Vikram Lander , which had lost contact with the space agency from the Moons surface due to hard landing .

BC: CII Director General, Chandrajit Banerjee.
AC: CII Director General , Chandrajit Banerjee .

BC: But his convictions proved wrong.
AC: But his convictions proved wrong .

BC: Some were beaten.
AC: Some were beaten .

BC: He also spoke to Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan on phone.
AC: He also spoke to Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan on phone .

BC: asked a bench comprising Justices SA Bobde and AM Sapre.
AC: asked a bench comprising Justices SA Bobde and AM Sapre .

BC: Its name changed.
AC: Its name changed .

BC: Music: Chaitan Bharadwaj
AC: Music : Chaitan Bharadwaj

BC: In modern days this material is also used for False Ceiling.
AC: In modern days this material is also used for False Ceiling .

BC: The song recently crossed 100 million views on YouTube.
AC: The song recently crossed 100 million views on YouTube .

BC: Yet no one cared.
AC: Yet no one cared .

BC: To these, the apostle Peter wrote: You are a chosen race, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a people for special possession, that you should declare abroad the excellencies of the one that called you out of darkness into his wonderful light.
AC: To these , the apostle Peter wrote : You are a chosen race , a royal priesthood , a holy nation , a people for special possession , that you should declare abroad the excellencies of the one that called you out of darkness into his wonderful light .

BC: 20 lakh have been spent.
AC: 20 lakh have been spent .

BC: However, the CPM leaders did not agree to this.
AC: However , the CPM leaders did not agree to this .

BC: However, the exact reason is not known.
AC: However , the exact reason is not known .

BC: The makers have announced that the teaser of the film will be out soon.
AC: The makers have announced that the teaser of the film will be out soon .

BC: It works as a sieve.
AC: It works as a sieve .

BC: Since Moses and Elijah shared in Christs glory, these two faithful witnesses must represent those who rule with Jesus in his Kingdom.
AC: Since Moses and Elijah shared in Christs glory , these two faithful witnesses must represent those who rule with Jesus in his Kingdom .

BC: I think so.
AC: I think so .

BC: Its all quite comfortable for us.
AC: Its all quite comfortable for us .

BC: government employees.
AC: government employees .

BC: Whoa, what?
AC: Whoa , what ?

BC: So far, 49 people have been killed.
AC: So far , 49 people have been killed .

BC: It can be done if:
AC: It can be done if :

BC: Lets see if those claims are true.
AC: Lets see if those claims are true .

BC: Three others have been arrested in connection with the murder.
AC: Three others have been arrested in connection with the murder .

BC: Many activists attended the meeting.
AC: Many activists attended the meeting .

BC: Ram Charan is producing the flick under Konidela Production Company banner in association with Matinee Entertainments Niranjan Reddy.
AC: Ram Charan is producing the flick under Konidela Production Company banner in association with Matinee Entertainments Niranjan Reddy .

BC: Everything is in secret.
AC: Everything is in secret .

BC: It is also political.
AC: It is also political .

BC: Rs 33 crore.
AC: Rs 33 crore .

BC: Narendrudu exhibited his doubts in front of many Masters(pandits)
AC: Narendrudu exhibited his doubts in front of many Masters ( pandits )

BC: Happily married!
AC: Happily married !

BC: This isnt a new idea.
AC: This isnt a new idea .

BC: Loaded language aside, what are the merits of the message itself?
AC: Loaded language aside , what are the merits of the message itself ?

BC: Why does your hair get detangled?
AC: Why does your hair get detangled ?

BC: IN MANY parts of the world, circumcision is performed on baby boys as a health measure.
AC: IN MANY parts of the world , circumcision is performed on baby boys as a health measure .

BC: 20 Indian soldiers were martyred in the clashes.
AC: 20 Indian soldiers were martyred in the clashes .

BC: The list includes 15 women.
AC: The list includes 15 women .

BC: This happens everywhere.
AC: This happens everywhere .

BC: He had received many honours.
AC: He had received many honours .

BC: Five people each died in Bankura and Purba Bardhaman, and one person in Howrah district.
AC: Five people each died in Bankura and Purba Bardhaman , and one person in Howrah district .

BC: Sonakshi Sinha is one of the most active celebrities on social media.
AC: Sonakshi Sinha is one of the most active celebrities on social media .

BC: They won the series 3-0.
AC: They won the series 3-0 .

BC: However, there is another key element here.
AC: However , there is another key element here .

BC: The Splendid Table's, How to Eat Weekends.
AC: The Splendid Table 's , How to Eat Weekends .

BC: She loved the film.
AC: She loved the film .

BC: It can cause irregularity in heart rhythm.
AC: It can cause irregularity in heart rhythm .

BC: The BJP candidates Tirath Singh Rawat from Garhwal and Mala Rajya Laxmi Shah from Tehri had filed their nominations earlier.
AC: The BJP candidates Tirath Singh Rawat from Garhwal and Mala Rajya Laxmi Shah from Tehri had filed their nominations earlier .

BC: Hema Malini was re-elected as the Member of Parliament from Mathura Lok Sabha constituency in the recently-held elections.
AC: Hema Malini was re-elected as the Member of Parliament from Mathura Lok Sabha constituency in the recently-held elections .

BC: 5 hundreds.
AC: 5 hundreds .

BC: Google also announced partnership with financial institutions such as HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, Federal Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank to facilitate pre-approved loans to customers.
AC: Google also announced partnership with financial institutions such as HDFC Bank , ICICI Bank , Federal Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank to facilitate pre-approved loans to customers .

BC: It does not have any relation with China.
AC: It does not have any relation with China .

BC: Mix them all and keep in a jar.
AC: Mix them all and keep in a jar .

BC: Sanjay Dutt is one of the most famous actors in Bollywood.
AC: Sanjay Dutt is one of the most famous actors in Bollywood .

BC: At least 47 deaths have been attributed to the storm.
AC: At least 47 deaths have been attributed to the storm .

BC: People can choose the technique that suits them best.
AC: People can choose the technique that suits them best .

BC: Is the Congress a ruling party?
AC: Is the Congress a ruling party ?

BC: RRR is directed by SS Rajamouli.
AC: RRR is directed by SS Rajamouli .

BC: But the film flopped.
AC: But the film flopped .

BC: Freedom is lost.
AC: Freedom is lost .

BC: This will take more time.
AC: This will take more time .

BC: He decides to record overnight to see what weird things are occurring.
AC: He decides to record overnight to see what weird things are occurring .

BC: He asked innocently.
AC: He asked innocently .

BC: Send message.
AC: Send message .

BC: To change the local time zone, select your area from the list below.
AC: To change the local time zone , select your area from the list below .

BC: This is the first film in that.
AC: This is the first film in that .

BC: In the recently held elections in Goa and Manipur, it failed to form government despite emerging as the single largest party.
AC: In the recently held elections in Goa and Manipur , it failed to form government despite emerging as the single largest party .

BC: How many of these have you heard?
AC: How many of these have you heard ?

BC: The premises are cleaned every day.
AC: The premises are cleaned every day .

BC: The BJP and the Congress are criticising him.
AC: The BJP and the Congress are criticising him .

BC: Directed by Vishnuvardhan, the film is written by Sandeep Shrivastava.
AC: Directed by Vishnuvardhan , the film is written by Sandeep Shrivastava .

BC: Schools and shops were closed.
AC: Schools and shops were closed .

BC: Though Gibeon was a great city... and all its men were mighty ones, the Gibeonites did not demand recognition or expect to have things on their terms.
AC: Though Gibeon was a great city ... and all its men were mighty ones , the Gibeonites did not demand recognition or expect to have things on their terms .

BC: Its been a huge hit.
AC: Its been a huge hit .

BC: Why do shepherds not teach on the basis of their own thoughts?
AC: Why do shepherds not teach on the basis of their own thoughts ?

BC: The vehicle was slightly damaged in the attack, they said.
AC: The vehicle was slightly damaged in the attack , they said .

BC: His real name is Raju.
AC: His real name is Raju .

BC: A small number of nilgai are found along the PakistanIndia border and in some parts of Cholistan.
AC: A small number of nilgai are found along the PakistanIndia border and in some parts of Cholistan .

BC: New Delhi: In yet another proof of the Telugu Desam Party's (TDP) continuing friendship with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Congress, developments in today's No Trust Vote debate reflected the truth
AC: New Delhi : In yet another proof of the Telugu Desam Party 's ( TDP ) continuing friendship with the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) and the Congress , developments in today 's No Trust Vote debate reflected the truth

BC: Modi thanked Advani for gracing the occasion.
AC: Modi thanked Advani for gracing the occasion .

BC: The pre-release event of the film was held in Hyderabad.
AC: The pre-release event of the film was held in Hyderabad .

BC: The song has gained millions of views on YouTube.
AC: The song has gained millions of views on YouTube .

BC: """Each individual has his own personality."
AC: " " " Each individual has his own personality . "

BC: Police had detained Vishnu in this connection.
AC: Police had detained Vishnu in this connection .

BC: 50 lakh crore mark.
AC: 50 lakh crore mark .

BC: There was often a dispute between husband and wife about this.
AC: There was often a dispute between husband and wife about this .

BC: It offers graduate (master's) and undergraduate (bachelor's) courses in Medical Sciences.
AC: It offers graduate ( master 's ) and undergraduate ( bachelor 's ) courses in Medical Sciences .

BC: could walk.
AC: could walk .

BC: Its going to come to India soon.
AC: Its going to come to India soon .

BC: She was escorted to safety by police.
AC: She was escorted to safety by police .

BC: Pakistans former Test captain Rashid Latif slammed the issue saying the offensive debate should never have happened.
AC: Pakistans former Test captain Rashid Latif slammed the issue saying the offensive debate should never have happened .

BC: """Currently, the government is using IT services worth Rs 3,000 crore annually"
AC: " " " Currently , the government is using IT services worth Rs 3,000 crore annually "

BC: Srikanth and Madhurima are playing key roles in this movie.
AC: Srikanth and Madhurima are playing key roles in this movie .

BC: India's Rohit Sharma leaves after being dismissed
AC: India 's Rohit Sharma leaves after being dismissed

BC: She has become one of the highest paid actresses in Bollywood.
AC: She has become one of the highest paid actresses in Bollywood .

BC: There are chances of flood also.
AC: There are chances of flood also .

BC: His comments triggered a controversy.
AC: His comments triggered a controversy .

BC: 1,771 crore.
AC: 1,771 crore .

BC: Its not new to us.
AC: Its not new to us .

BC: Another challenge was the language.
AC: Another challenge was the language .

BC: Lucky Colour: Orange
AC: Lucky Colour : Orange

BC: The film has been directed by Thiagarajan Kumararaja.
AC: The film has been directed by Thiagarajan Kumararaja .

BC: So after that film,...
AC: So after that film , ...

BC: Santhosh Narayanan is scoring music for this movie.
AC: Santhosh Narayanan is scoring music for this movie .

BC: """You press any button, the vote goes to the BJP,"" he said."
AC: " " " You press any button , the vote goes to the BJP , " " he said . "

BC: He remarked that today, Kutch is one of the fastest growing regions of the country
AC: He remarked that today , Kutch is one of the fastest growing regions of the country

BC: Tamilnadu, West Bengal, Odisha, Manipur for Sarvam, PDS scheme and Rajasthan for Bhamashah.
AC: Tamilnadu , West Bengal , Odisha , Manipur for Sarvam , PDS scheme and Rajasthan for Bhamashah .

BC: It is simple to acquire.
AC: It is simple to acquire .

BC: No, but he was too young to join the army, and he may have been youthful looking.
AC: No , but he was too young to join the army , and he may have been youthful looking .

BC: However is this all about friendship or is there more to it?
AC: However is this all about friendship or is there more to it ?

BC: Does the burning of incense have a place in true worship today?
AC: Does the burning of incense have a place in true worship today ?

BC: Who is YS Jagan Mohan Reddy?
AC: Who is YS Jagan Mohan Reddy ?

BC: The Congress party had become irrelevant.
AC: The Congress party had become irrelevant .

BC: Teacher: No!
AC: Teacher : No !

BC: Uttamkumar Reddy claims that the Congress Government had entered into an agreement with Maharashtra to have a 152-metre-high project and that the TRS Government had agreed for 148 metres only.
AC: Uttamkumar Reddy claims that the Congress Government had entered into an agreement with Maharashtra to have a 152-metre-high project and that the TRS Government had agreed for 148 metres only .

BC: News came.
AC: News came .

BC: It had happened in past.
AC: It had happened in past .

BC: But why was it not done?
AC: But why was it not done ?

BC: He stated: We knew, however, that getting married was not unscriptural, so we took refuge in prayer and put our trust in Jehovah.
AC: He stated : We knew , however , that getting married was not unscriptural , so we took refuge in prayer and put our trust in Jehovah .

BC: If you had witnessed the apostles heated disputes, would you have viewed these men as meek and malleable?
AC: If you had witnessed the apostles heated disputes , would you have viewed these men as meek and malleable ?

BC: The film is in the final stages of shooting.
AC: The film is in the final stages of shooting .

BC: New Delhi: Defrauded Rs.
AC: New Delhi : Defrauded Rs.

BC: I have made a mistake.
AC: I have made a mistake .

BC: Rohit Sharma completed the over.
AC: Rohit Sharma completed the over .

BC: The film stars Rajasekhar, Rahul Ramakrishna, Adah Sharma, Nandita Swetha and Pujita Ponnada in the lead roles.
AC: The film stars Rajasekhar , Rahul Ramakrishna , Adah Sharma , Nandita Swetha and Pujita Ponnada in the lead roles .

BC: By 2025, wallets are expected to have higher penetration and lower-income would eventually drive multiple small-ticket transactions, it said.
AC: By 2025 , wallets are expected to have higher penetration and lower-income would eventually drive multiple small-ticket transactions , it said .

BC: The series of myhological movies continued after the first, Baktha Prahladha.
AC: The series of myhological movies continued after the first , Baktha Prahladha .

BC: Three huge LED screens were put up at the venue for the gathering to witness the event.
AC: Three huge LED screens were put up at the venue for the gathering to witness the event .

BC: This had resulted in two of them dying on the spot.
AC: This had resulted in two of them dying on the spot .

BC: However, Sudheer and Rani manage to escape from them but are trapped in the same building.
AC: However , Sudheer and Rani manage to escape from them but are trapped in the same building .

BC: I never had thought I had done that much, he says.
AC: I never had thought I had done that much , he says .

BC: Such things are very important.
AC: Such things are very important .

BC: Cut to shapes.
AC: Cut to shapes .

BC: The BJP legislators also shouted slogans against the Congress party.
AC: The BJP legislators also shouted slogans against the Congress party .

BC: He said Chandrababu has not taken any action against TDP leaders, who had violated rules and norms
AC: He said Chandrababu has not taken any action against TDP leaders , who had violated rules and norms

BC: The number of those afflicted with the disease is growing by the day.
AC: The number of those afflicted with the disease is growing by the day .

BC: In the latter part of her career, she concentrated on Malayalam films.
AC: In the latter part of her career , she concentrated on Malayalam films .

BC: She acted in various Telugu, Tamil and Hindi films.
AC: She acted in various Telugu , Tamil and Hindi films .

BC: Let us pursue the things making for peace and the things that are upbuilding to one another.
AC: Let us pursue the things making for peace and the things that are upbuilding to one another .

BC: Her husband was also tested positive.
AC: Her husband was also tested positive .

BC: It was a tough match for us.
AC: It was a tough match for us .

BC: The average revenue per user (ARPU) reported by telecom companies has started showing signs of recovery in the last two to three quarters.
AC: The average revenue per user ( ARPU ) reported by telecom companies has started showing signs of recovery in the last two to three quarters .

BC: Heres the twist.
AC: Heres the twist .

BC: Match 4: April 18, 2018
AC: Match 4 : April 18 , 2018

BC: Selfie camera: 20 MP.
AC: Selfie camera : 20 MP .

BC: Lower cuts are being proposed for people with lower salaries, and higher cuts [up to 50%] for people with higher salaries, he added.
AC: Lower cuts are being proposed for people with lower salaries , and higher cuts [ up to 50 % ] for people with higher salaries , he added .

BC: 10 thousand.
AC: 10 thousand .

BC: Hyderabad: TDP leaders asked the Telangana assembly speaker to take strict action against the former TDP leaders who jumped into TRS after their win from TDP, based on a petition for their disqualification
AC: Hyderabad : TDP leaders asked the Telangana assembly speaker to take strict action against the former TDP leaders who jumped into TRS after their win from TDP , based on a petition for their disqualification

BC: This is a dip of around 90%.
AC: This is a dip of around 90 % .

BC: Know what's best for you
AC: Know what 's best for you

BC: Telangana Chief minister K Chandrasekhar Rao and DMK chief MK Stalin were the Chief guests for the event.
AC: Telangana Chief minister K Chandrasekhar Rao and DMK chief MK Stalin were the Chief guests for the event .

BC: Why are you doing all this?
AC: Why are you doing all this ?

BC: But he could never prove that.
AC: But he could never prove that .

BC: But the film wasnt.
AC: But the film wasnt .

BC: Top Rankers in the Engineering stream:
AC: Top Rankers in the Engineering stream :

BC: The 45-minute Common Yoga Protocol (CYP) is one of the most popular Yoga programmes across the world and has been at the heart of the IDY since the beginning
AC: The 45-minute Common Yoga Protocol ( CYP ) is one of the most popular Yoga programmes across the world and has been at the heart of the IDY since the beginning

BC: The Elite i20 is slated to launch on 11th of August, 2014
AC: The Elite i20 is slated to launch on 11th of August , 2014

BC: is available)
AC: is available )

BC: There are two ways you can do this.
AC: There are two ways you can do this .

BC: He will inaugurate a new market yard of APMC.
AC: He will inaugurate a new market yard of APMC .

BC: The police has registered a case on the complaint of the boys father.
AC: The police has registered a case on the complaint of the boys father .

BC: Not election campaigning.
AC: Not election campaigning .

BC: He is being treated in the ICU.
AC: He is being treated in the ICU .

BC: Union Finance Minister Shri Arun Jaitley, Union Minister of State (I/c) for Commerce Smt. Nirmala Sitharaman, and Union Minister of State for Finance Shri Jayant Sinha were present on the occasion.
AC: Union Finance Minister Shri Arun Jaitley , Union Minister of State ( I / c ) for Commerce Smt . Nirmala Sitharaman , and Union Minister of State for Finance Shri Jayant Sinha were present on the occasion .

BC: He said many development works were going on in the State.
AC: He said many development works were going on in the State .

BC: The Modi government, however, is not interested.
AC: The Modi government , however , is not interested .

BC: The police came and opened the door.
AC: The police came and opened the door .

BC: I tell myself.
AC: I tell myself .

BC: Three of them are juveniles.
AC: Three of them are juveniles .

BC: On the Parliamentary elections in Telangana, Kumar said the TRS would win 16 seats.
AC: On the Parliamentary elections in Telangana , Kumar said the TRS would win 16 seats .

BC: The Government should take these measures.
AC: The Government should take these measures .

BC: Indian captain Virat Kohli also paid his tribute on Twitter.
AC: Indian captain Virat Kohli also paid his tribute on Twitter .

BC: He sent copies of the letter to the 22 other Supreme Court judges too.
AC: He sent copies of the letter to the 22 other Supreme Court judges too .

BC: However, the family members allege that their child died due to the negligence of the hospital staff.
AC: However , the family members allege that their child died due to the negligence of the hospital staff .

BC: He called for innovative financing for the auto industry.
AC: He called for innovative financing for the auto industry .

BC: His body was shifted to a hospital for post-mortem.
AC: His body was shifted to a hospital for post-mortem .

BC: So it is really that simple.
AC: So it is really that simple .

BC: We often get used to such incidents.
AC: We often get used to such incidents .

BC: And it is surrounded by let us say forest, but at the same time, the whole system also can be called an ecosystem which require the water supply to the animals in the ecosystem and the plants and the other other animals who may depend on this system.
AC: And it is surrounded by let us say forest , but at the same time , the whole system also can be called an ecosystem which require the water supply to the animals in the ecosystem and the plants and the other other animals who may depend on this system .

BC: "The senior BJP leader said that BJP would get absolute majority in the upcoming elections and the country would go ahead on the path of development under Prime Minister Narendra Modi while ""we are standing behind him."""
AC: " The senior BJP leader said that BJP would get absolute majority in the upcoming elections and the country would go ahead on the path of development under Prime Minister Narendra Modi while " " we are standing behind him . " " "

BC: Former India batting legend Sachin Tendulkar tops the table with 51 centuries to his name.
AC: Former India batting legend Sachin Tendulkar tops the table with 51 centuries to his name .

BC: I said thats great.
AC: I said thats great .

BC: Ordering in?
AC: Ordering in ?

BC: It is a pleasure!
AC: It is a pleasure !

BC: What is the incurable disease?
AC: What is the incurable disease ?

BC: Mouse wheel scrolls by:
AC: Mouse wheel scrolls by :

BC: """Youngsters want to get rich quickly."
AC: " " " Youngsters want to get rich quickly . "

BC: "What are the names of Muslim associations in Nandyal?"""
AC: " What are the names of Muslim associations in Nandyal ? " " "

BC: Why am I like this?
AC: Why am I like this ?

BC: This is a great for everybody.
AC: This is a great for everybody .

BC: What the product has to offer?
AC: What the product has to offer ?

BC: Nathan admits that they both flew.
AC: Nathan admits that they both flew .

BC: Selection to BBA, BSc programmes will be based on score in NRTI UG Entrance Test.
AC: Selection to BBA , BSc programmes will be based on score in NRTI UG Entrance Test .

BC: The CM instructed the officials concerned to revive the canals under Pakala project.
AC: The CM instructed the officials concerned to revive the canals under Pakala project .

BC: How is the market?
AC: How is the market ?

BC: The Mayawati-led Bahujan Samaj party figured the lowest with only 52.5 per cent candidates having attained higher education.
AC: The Mayawati-led Bahujan Samaj party figured the lowest with only 52.5 per cent candidates having attained higher education .

BC: 70 crores.
AC: 70 crores .

BC: The film will mark Raghava Lawrence's directorial debut in Bollywood.
AC: The film will mark Raghava Lawrence 's directorial debut in Bollywood .

BC: Pakistan blinked.
AC: Pakistan blinked .

BC: What's it like working with him?
AC: What 's it like working with him ?

BC: Due to his initiative, an aerodrome at Agartalawas constructed that has evolved as the second busiest airport in the North East and provides crucial air connectivity to Tripura.
AC: Due to his initiative , an aerodrome at Agartalawas constructed that has evolved as the second busiest airport in the North East and provides crucial air connectivity to Tripura .

BC: The State has three parts: Jammu, Kashmir and ladakh.
AC: The State has three parts : Jammu , Kashmir and ladakh .

BC: The ship hadn't reached.
AC: The ship hadn 't reached .

BC: Will Rahul Gandhi do it?
AC: Will Rahul Gandhi do it ?

BC: ( d) to present to the President, annually and at such other times as the Commission may deem fit, reports upon the working of those safeguards.
AC: ( d ) to present to the President , annually and at such other times as the Commission may deem fit , reports upon the working of those safeguards .

BC: Code 10 calls are made when merchants are suspicious about accepting a credit card.
AC: Code 10 calls are made when merchants are suspicious about accepting a credit card .

BC: election campaign.
AC: election campaign .

BC: No one is considering the problems of the people.
AC: No one is considering the problems of the people .

BC: Why is this change a big deal?
AC: Why is this change a big deal ?

BC: Salman's sister Arpita poses with her husband Aayush Sharma and son Ahil.
AC: Salman 's sister Arpita poses with her husband Aayush Sharma and son Ahil .

BC: Hyderabad City is the best cosmopolitan city in India.
AC: Hyderabad City is the best cosmopolitan city in India .

BC: Its going to stay there for a long time.
AC: Its going to stay there for a long time .

BC: It is suspected that the accused had murdered them by hitting on their head with an iron rod.
AC: It is suspected that the accused had murdered them by hitting on their head with an iron rod .

BC: AMARAVATI: Srinath Devireddy has been appointed as the chairman of Andhra Pradesh Press Academy.
AC: AMARAVATI : Srinath Devireddy has been appointed as the chairman of Andhra Pradesh Press Academy .

BC: The mean daily maximum temperatures range from 32 to 41 C (90 to 106 F), except at high elevations.
AC: The mean daily maximum temperatures range from 32 to 41 C ( 90 to 106 F ) , except at high elevations .

BC: Rohit Sharma will lead India in the Asia Cup as regular skipper Virat Kohli has been rested(AP)
AC: Rohit Sharma will lead India in the Asia Cup as regular skipper Virat Kohli has been rested ( AP )

BC: Postal Assistant/Sorting Assistant: 2359
AC: Postal Assistant / Sorting Assistant : 2359

BC: All allegations levelled by the Congress are baseless, he added.
AC: All allegations levelled by the Congress are baseless , he added .

BC: The BJPs long term goal of establishing Hindu-Hindi-Hindustan nationhood and slowly proposing a change in the name of the nation from India the Bharat as it exists in the preamble of the constitution to Hindustan is well known.
AC: The BJPs long term goal of establishing Hindu-Hindi-Hindustan nationhood and slowly proposing a change in the name of the nation from India the Bharat as it exists in the preamble of the constitution to Hindustan is well known .

BC: 20 lakhs, and Rs.
AC: 20 lakhs , and Rs.

BC: The script is being written.
AC: The script is being written .

BC: It didn't work out.
AC: It didn 't work out .

BC: A notification in this regard was issued by the Government of India.
AC: A notification in this regard was issued by the Government of India .

BC: The film recently wrapped up shooting.
AC: The film recently wrapped up shooting .

BC: Both films are scheduled for 2019.
AC: Both films are scheduled for 2019 .

BC: WASHINGTON: Eminent Indian-American scientist Dr Sethuraman Panchanathan has assumed charge as Director of the National Science Foundation, the top American body supporting fundamental research in non-medical fields of science and engineering in the country.
AC: WASHINGTON : Eminent Indian-American scientist Dr Sethuraman Panchanathan has assumed charge as Director of the National Science Foundation , the top American body supporting fundamental research in non-medical fields of science and engineering in the country .

BC: In the recent lok Sabha elections, she contested against Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi in Amethi but lost.
AC: In the recent lok Sabha elections , she contested against Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi in Amethi but lost .

BC: But according to media reports, there is no truth to these rumours.
AC: But according to media reports , there is no truth to these rumours .

BC: I cant believe!
AC: I cant believe !

BC: Pakistan dithered.
AC: Pakistan dithered .

BC: More research needs to be done in this.
AC: More research needs to be done in this .

BC: Sindhu, however, turned the heat in the third game.
AC: Sindhu , however , turned the heat in the third game .

BC: The song has been getting some great response.
AC: The song has been getting some great response .

BC: You want multiple partners?
AC: You want multiple partners ?

BC: Financial condition is not good.
AC: Financial condition is not good .

BC: Chief Minister of Goa Manohar Parrikar.
AC: Chief Minister of Goa Manohar Parrikar .

BC: Questions were thrown at him.
AC: Questions were thrown at him .

BC: The officials confirmed the death of seven people in the attack.
AC: The officials confirmed the death of seven people in the attack .

BC: The collections have increased manifold.
AC: The collections have increased manifold .

BC: This is expected to reduce traffic congestion.
AC: This is expected to reduce traffic congestion .

BC: The U.S. sanctions have devastated Irans economy.
AC: The U.S. sanctions have devastated Irans economy .

BC: Some of them even held ministerial positions.
AC: Some of them even held ministerial positions .

BC: The most popular options are:
AC: The most popular options are :

BC: re you?
AC: re you ?

BC: Of those, two have died.
AC: Of those , two have died .

BC: Telangana chief minister KCR is trying to form another anti-BJP and anti-Congress alliance, how do you look at this federal front?
AC: Telangana chief minister KCR is trying to form another anti-BJP and anti-Congress alliance , how do you look at this federal front ?

BC: Situation is deteriorating.
AC: Situation is deteriorating .

BC: However, that didnt end there.
AC: However , that didnt end there .

BC: They were adults.
AC: They were adults .

BC: It is the verdict of the Supreme Court.
AC: It is the verdict of the Supreme Court .

BC: The regular shooting will begin soon.
AC: The regular shooting will begin soon .

BC: This will help you to avoid serious sin because you will prove to be among those who through use have their perceptive powers trained to distinguish both right and wrong.
AC: This will help you to avoid serious sin because you will prove to be among those who through use have their perceptive powers trained to distinguish both right and wrong .

BC: Advocates of intelligent design make no explicit claims about who or what this designer might be, reported The New York Times Magazine.
AC: Advocates of intelligent design make no explicit claims about who or what this designer might be , reported The New York Times Magazine .

BC: Committed suicide due to depression?
AC: Committed suicide due to depression ?

BC: """We are taking stern action to combat Covid."
AC: " " " We are taking stern action to combat Covid . "

BC: The film involves a lot of action sequences.
AC: The film involves a lot of action sequences .

BC: All songs are written by Kannadasan.
AC: All songs are written by Kannadasan .

BC: High cholesterol levels in the body can lead to an increased risk of developing cardiovascular diseases.
AC: High cholesterol levels in the body can lead to an increased risk of developing cardiovascular diseases .

BC: The game is available for download on Google Play Store and Apple App store.
AC: The game is available for download on Google Play Store and Apple App store .

BC: There are some indications also.
AC: There are some indications also .

BC: The BJP is trying to take advantage of this situation.
AC: The BJP is trying to take advantage of this situation .

BC: BJP and Congress are battling it out in Gujarat.
AC: BJP and Congress are battling it out in Gujarat .

BC: Hyderabad 225.
AC: Hyderabad 225 .

BC: But it isnt happening.
AC: But it isnt happening .

BC: He replied no.
AC: He replied no .

BC: The smartphone will be unveiled at an event in New Delhi.
AC: The smartphone will be unveiled at an event in New Delhi .

BC: Similar incidents in the past...
AC: Similar incidents in the past ...

BC: in its text.
AC: in its text .

BC: Among them, one is none other than Superstar Mahesh Babu .
AC: Among them , one is none other than Superstar Mahesh Babu .

BC: Gurudev's vision for Vishwa Bharati is also the essence of self-reliant India
AC: Gurudev 's vision for Vishwa Bharati is also the essence of self-reliant India

BC: Watch these videos.
AC: Watch these videos .

BC: He asked some questions.
AC: He asked some questions .

BC: PV Sindhu wins the first game!
AC: PV Sindhu wins the first game !

BC: Cant wait?
AC: Cant wait ?

BC: When are you the most productive?
AC: When are you the most productive ?

BC: Three accused were arrested by the police later.
AC: Three accused were arrested by the police later .

BC: This is justice.
AC: This is justice .

BC: So it was not passed.
AC: So it was not passed .

BC: Board: Allows higher top speed.
AC: Board : Allows higher top speed .

BC: Authorities said they would be investigating.
AC: Authorities said they would be investigating .

BC: This is for the first time in the judicial history of India that a HC had to set aside such an appointment of a lawyer involved in criminal case.
AC: This is for the first time in the judicial history of India that a HC had to set aside such an appointment of a lawyer involved in criminal case .

BC: _Ignore Version
AC: _ Ignore Version

BC: A new committee has been set up.
AC: A new committee has been set up .

BC: Of Astons and Martinis: The New Bond Car Is The Aston Martin DB10
AC: Of Astons and Martinis : The New Bond Car Is The Aston Martin DB10

BC: The deceased, V Moosa (61), had been battling for life since the past few days in a private hospital here and was on ventilator support
AC: The deceased , V Moosa ( 61 ) , had been battling for life since the past few days in a private hospital here and was on ventilator support

BC: We have not had any more problems. People desperately need peace.
AC: We have not had any more problems . People desperately need peace .

BC: It is definitely worth a visit.
AC: It is definitely worth a visit .

BC: Bad associations can involve anything or anyone even within the congregation reflecting the spirit of the world.
AC: Bad associations can involve anything or anyone even within the congregation reflecting the spirit of the world .

BC: We have to deal with them ourselves.
AC: We have to deal with them ourselves .

BC: 500 crores.
AC: 500 crores .

BC: Thats something, he said.
AC: Thats something , he said .

BC: "I cannot say."""
AC: " I cannot say . " " "

BC: "Haryana Congress chief Kumari Selja said, ""Deeply pained at the demise of former Haryana Congress chief, former Rajya Sabha MP and former Haryana minister Shamsher Singh Surjewala."""
AC: " Haryana Congress chief Kumari Selja said , " " Deeply pained at the demise of former Haryana Congress chief , former Rajya Sabha MP and former Haryana minister Shamsher Singh Surjewala . " " "

BC: Theres no time.
AC: Theres no time .

BC: Yet, in both elections, the BJP failed to gain a majority.
AC: Yet , in both elections , the BJP failed to gain a majority .

BC: One million would be the collection in the tolliwood box office.
AC: One million would be the collection in the tolliwood box office .

BC: The injured were immediately rushed to a local hospital.
AC: The injured were immediately rushed to a local hospital .

BC: I am clean.
AC: I am clean .

BC: I would have been unable to make another movie.
AC: I would have been unable to make another movie .

BC: It was right there.
AC: It was right there .

BC: Coronavirus (COVID-19) is the global pandemic that is spreading fast in India as well.
AC: Coronavirus ( COVID-19 ) is the global pandemic that is spreading fast in India as well .

BC: Without the proper attitude, a Christian could easily lose his joy, and that would be serious because, as Nehemiah said: The joy of Jehovah is [our] stronghold.
AC: Without the proper attitude , a Christian could easily lose his joy , and that would be serious because , as Nehemiah said : The joy of Jehovah is [ our ] stronghold .

BC: will not come into operation.
AC: will not come into operation .

BC: Early in her career, Sorabji had supported the campaign for Indian Independence, relating women's rights to the capacity for self-government.
AC: Early in her career , Sorabji had supported the campaign for Indian Independence , relating women 's rights to the capacity for self-government .

BC: However, the film was shelved.
AC: However , the film was shelved .

BC: Friends turn into foes.
AC: Friends turn into foes .

BC: Here are more variant-wise prices, features and other details of the 2020 Mahindra Thar click here
AC: Here are more variant-wise prices , features and other details of the 2020 Mahindra Thar click here

BC: The second squadron of these combat jets will be stationed at Hasimara base in West Bengal.
AC: The second squadron of these combat jets will be stationed at Hasimara base in West Bengal .

BC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Pranab Mukherjee.
AC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Pranab Mukherjee .

BC: Examples include the cystoscope (bladder), nephroscope (kidney), bronchoscope (bronchus), arthroscope (joints) and colonoscope (colon), and laparoscope (abdomen or pelvis).
AC: Examples include the cystoscope ( bladder ) , nephroscope ( kidney ) , bronchoscope ( bronchus ) , arthroscope ( joints ) and colonoscope ( colon ) , and laparoscope ( abdomen or pelvis ) .

BC: One died on the spot and two were severely injured in the incident.
AC: One died on the spot and two were severely injured in the incident .

BC: Cooking gas was available to 14 crore people in the last 60 years.
AC: Cooking gas was available to 14 crore people in the last 60 years .

BC: One rarely comes across a person like him.
AC: One rarely comes across a person like him .

BC: I am angry with the government.
AC: I am angry with the government .

BC: Wimbledon: Johanna Konta beats Simona Halep in thriller to reach semi-finals
AC: Wimbledon : Johanna Konta beats Simona Halep in thriller to reach semi-finals

BC: He died recently.
AC: He died recently .

BC: Keerthy Suresh portrayed the character of Savitri in the film.
AC: Keerthy Suresh portrayed the character of Savitri in the film .

BC: New Delhi: Over Rs.
AC: New Delhi : Over Rs.

BC: The BJP is in power in both states.
AC: The BJP is in power in both states .

BC: Two birds hit with one stone!
AC: Two birds hit with one stone !

BC: Lets look at the details.
AC: Lets look at the details .

BC: The debate went on.
AC: The debate went on .

BC: Everything had to be rebuilt.
AC: Everything had to be rebuilt .

BC: Various rare species of birds, including the Peregrine falcon can be seen in these hills
AC: Various rare species of birds , including the Peregrine falcon can be seen in these hills

BC: In the north, the Rajput kingdoms remained the dominant force in Western and Central India.
AC: In the north , the Rajput kingdoms remained the dominant force in Western and Central India .

BC: He said people have faith in Prime Minister Narendra Modis leadership.
AC: He said people have faith in Prime Minister Narendra Modis leadership .

BC: The film was premiered at International Film Festival of India.
AC: The film was premiered at International Film Festival of India .

BC: Mumbai: Positive domestic cues such as value buying, short covering and a firm rupee lifted the Indian equity markets on Friday
AC: Mumbai : Positive domestic cues such as value buying , short covering and a firm rupee lifted the Indian equity markets on Friday

BC: This is quite an interesting story.
AC: This is quite an interesting story .

BC: However, no one is reported to be injured in the incident.
AC: However , no one is reported to be injured in the incident .

BC: The winner takes all.
AC: The winner takes all .

BC: Ex-BSF jawan Tej Bahadur Yadav's nomination as Samajwadi Party candidate from Varanasi has been rejected by the Election Commission.
AC: Ex-BSF jawan Tej Bahadur Yadav 's nomination as Samajwadi Party candidate from Varanasi has been rejected by the Election Commission .

BC: The music of the film will be composed by Devi Sri Prasad.
AC: The music of the film will be composed by Devi Sri Prasad .

BC: Valmiki is the Telugu remake of Tamil superhit film Jigarthanda.
AC: Valmiki is the Telugu remake of Tamil superhit film Jigarthanda .

BC: The population has been motivated by government failures to deliver on promises of land reform, lower unemployment and provision of social services, and historical exploitation by the land-holding elite.
AC: The population has been motivated by government failures to deliver on promises of land reform , lower unemployment and provision of social services , and historical exploitation by the land-holding elite .

BC: The film stars Yami Gautam as the female lead.
AC: The film stars Yami Gautam as the female lead .

BC: The unexplored town which is well connected by both road and rail is home to an Agiary/fire temple that is frequented by Parsis from its surrounding villages and Mumbai and Sri Swami Narayan Temple
AC: The unexplored town which is well connected by both road and rail is home to an Agiary / fire temple that is frequented by Parsis from its surrounding villages and Mumbai and Sri Swami Narayan Temple

BC: Whats the benefit?
AC: Whats the benefit ?

BC: The Galaxy Note 10 will have three cameras at the back.
AC: The Galaxy Note 10 will have three cameras at the back .

BC: The Congress party is keenly aware of the issue.
AC: The Congress party is keenly aware of the issue .

BC: I have also been a practicing lawyer.
AC: I have also been a practicing lawyer .

BC: However, it is not so difficult.
AC: However , it is not so difficult .

BC: The agreement is historic.
AC: The agreement is historic .

BC: Please help.
AC: Please help .

BC: More importantly, we are back on track
AC: More importantly , we are back on track

BC: As the World Turns 15.4 2.
AC: As the World Turns 15.4 2 .

BC: Leaders of the various political parties took part in the protest.
AC: Leaders of the various political parties took part in the protest .

BC: They are not leaders.
AC: They are not leaders .

BC: People are scared because of this.
AC: People are scared because of this .

BC: At present, there are 663 active cases.
AC: At present , there are 663 active cases .

BC: Many have become unemployed.
AC: Many have become unemployed .

BC: New Delhi, Apr 08: West Bengal Chief Minister, Mamata Banerjee has been accused of appeasing the minorities by the BJP
AC: New Delhi , Apr 08 : West Bengal Chief Minister , Mamata Banerjee has been accused of appeasing the minorities by the BJP

BC: But she should not have joined the BJP.
AC: But she should not have joined the BJP .

BC: Load a splash image for XNU.
AC: Load a splash image for XNU .

BC: I have seen a lot of pain.
AC: I have seen a lot of pain .

BC: Very close.
AC: Very close .

BC: Working and learning go hand in hand.
AC: Working and learning go hand in hand .

BC: Prime Minister thanked Afghan President H.E. Ashraf Ghani for the initiative.
AC: Prime Minister thanked Afghan President H.E. Ashraf Ghani for the initiative .

BC: Then wash your face with warm water.
AC: Then wash your face with warm water .

BC: The prophecy goes on to say: All the flocks of Kedar they will be collected together to you.
AC: The prophecy goes on to say : All the flocks of Kedar they will be collected together to you .

BC: The whole incident was recorded on CCTV cameras.
AC: The whole incident was recorded on CCTV cameras .

BC: Congress members raised the matter in Rajya Sabha.
AC: Congress members raised the matter in Rajya Sabha .

BC: Victim was rushed to hospital.
AC: Victim was rushed to hospital .

BC: Social and political awareness is high.
AC: Social and political awareness is high .

BC: You are my friend.
AC: You are my friend .

BC: But when I heard the story I was absolutely fascinated.
AC: But when I heard the story I was absolutely fascinated .

BC: India imports about Rs 17,000 crore worth of APIs from China.
AC: India imports about Rs 17,000 crore worth of APIs from China .

BC: Add ginger and garlic water to the boiled water.
AC: Add ginger and garlic water to the boiled water .

BC: It is not easy to survive in the Bigg Boss house.
AC: It is not easy to survive in the Bigg Boss house .

BC: This time too.
AC: This time too .

BC: I also worked on it.
AC: I also worked on it .

BC: "Pakistan's former envoy to the US Husain Haqqani said: ""With US-Pakistan relations in a tailspin and hawkish attitudes dominating the subcontinent, one cannot predict if and how the situation would be controlled in the event of another major terrorist attack in India, with clear linkages to groups in Pakistan"""
AC: " Pakistan 's former envoy to the US Husain Haqqani said : " " With US-Pakistan relations in a tailspin and hawkish attitudes dominating the subcontinent , one cannot predict if and how the situation would be controlled in the event of another major terrorist attack in India , with clear linkages to groups in Pakistan " " "

BC: But I never liked them.
AC: But I never liked them .

BC: Add the salt and flour.
AC: Add the salt and flour .

BC: We would chat about everything else but the movie.
AC: We would chat about everything else but the movie .

BC: No discussion could be held.
AC: No discussion could be held .

BC: The shooting of the movie has been completed.
AC: The shooting of the movie has been completed .

BC: But heres a bummer.
AC: But heres a bummer .

BC: Unemployment is rising day by day in the country.
AC: Unemployment is rising day by day in the country .

BC: A total of 20 dead bodies have recovered so far.
AC: A total of 20 dead bodies have recovered so far .

BC: RRR is directed by SS Rajamouli.
AC: RRR is directed by SS Rajamouli .

BC: What something?
AC: What something ?

BC: The gait becomes unsteady.
AC: The gait becomes unsteady .

BC: "Choose the one you think suits you and tap ""Next""."
AC: " Choose the one you think suits you and tap " " Next " . " "

BC: Affordable housing in partnership with Public & Private sectors and Subsidy for beneficiary-led individual house construction or enhancement.
AC: Affordable housing in partnership with Public & Private sectors and Subsidy for beneficiary-led individual house construction or enhancement .

BC: The fuel prices were hiked for the seventh consecutive day.
AC: The fuel prices were hiked for the seventh consecutive day .

BC: BJP is in second, CPI(M) is in third and Congress in fourth positions.
AC: BJP is in second , CPI ( M ) is in third and Congress in fourth positions .

BC: As the situation escalated, the police resorted to teargas shelling.
AC: As the situation escalated , the police resorted to teargas shelling .

BC: In Hindu culture, there is lot of importance to mythology.
AC: In Hindu culture , there is lot of importance to mythology .

BC: The matter will be immediately investigated and stern steps will be taken.
AC: The matter will be immediately investigated and stern steps will be taken .

BC: Its pressure.
AC: Its pressure .

BC: Are your children archers?
AC: Are your children archers ?

BC: He had died instantly of heart attack.
AC: He had died instantly of heart attack .

BC: Officials said schools and colleges have been closed in all the flood-hit areas of the state.
AC: Officials said schools and colleges have been closed in all the flood-hit areas of the state .

BC: MUMBAI : Investors in Indias equity markets are really forward looking.
AC: MUMBAI : Investors in Indias equity markets are really forward looking .

BC: No breakdown.
AC: No breakdown .

BC: This is part of it.
AC: This is part of it .

BC: The book will soon be available in the book stores.
AC: The book will soon be available in the book stores .

BC: Thus, a tuft is either orbiting too slowly (the in tuft) or too quickly (the out tuft).
AC: Thus , a tuft is either orbiting too slowly ( the in tuft ) or too quickly ( the out tuft ) .

BC: He provided the following definitions: Dictionary: Surrealism, n.
AC: He provided the following definitions : Dictionary : Surrealism , n .

BC: Nifty bared held above the 11,000 mark.
AC: Nifty bared held above the 11,000 mark .

BC: Crude oil prices have fallen in the international market.
AC: Crude oil prices have fallen in the international market .

BC: I charge you, O daughters of Jerusalem, that ye stir not up, nor awake my love, until he please.
AC: I charge you , O daughters of Jerusalem , that ye stir not up , nor awake my love , until he please .

BC: New Delhi: Arun Jaitley had a long stint as president of the Delhi and District Cricket Association (DDCA).
AC: New Delhi : Arun Jaitley had a long stint as president of the Delhi and District Cricket Association ( DDCA ) .

BC: Trailer of the movie was released.
AC: Trailer of the movie was released .

BC: Hyderabad: The gold rates, which reduced for the past few days has again slowly moved upwards.
AC: Hyderabad : The gold rates , which reduced for the past few days has again slowly moved upwards .

BC: """It is an election for Chief Minister and not for Prime Minister."""
AC: " " " It is an election for Chief Minister and not for Prime Minister . " " "

BC: The KTM 250 Adventure will also get most of the features as its larger sibling, including the TFT display, 43mm USD forks up front and a mono-shock suspension at the rear
AC: The KTM 250 Adventure will also get most of the features as its larger sibling , including the TFT display , 43mm USD forks up front and a mono-shock suspension at the rear

BC: It was reported that WhatsApp will be sharing user data with parent company, Facebook.
AC: It was reported that WhatsApp will be sharing user data with parent company , Facebook .

BC: Of the 15 wards in Neredcharla, the TRS and Congress won seven wards each.
AC: Of the 15 wards in Neredcharla , the TRS and Congress won seven wards each .

BC: All of us are very happy with the output of the film.
AC: All of us are very happy with the output of the film .

BC: It must change.
AC: It must change .

BC: Those things.
AC: Those things .

BC: Other traditional Cuban instruments are of African origin, Tano origin, or both, such as the maracas, giro, marmbula and various wooden drums including the mayohuacn.
AC: Other traditional Cuban instruments are of African origin , Tano origin , or both , such as the maracas , giro , marmbula and various wooden drums including the mayohuacn .

BC: In all these cases, police responded quickly and arrested the culprits.
AC: In all these cases , police responded quickly and arrested the culprits .

BC: Will you withdraw it?
AC: Will you withdraw it ?

BC: Does this mean that you should marry any fellow believer who expresses interest in you or whom you have dated for a short while?
AC: Does this mean that you should marry any fellow believer who expresses interest in you or whom you have dated for a short while ?

BC: Government is answerable to farmers.
AC: Government is answerable to farmers .

BC: Dont shy away from experimenting, you guys!
AC: Dont shy away from experimenting , you guys !

BC: Implementation Strategy & Targets:
AC: Implementation Strategy & Targets :

BC: The action sequences are great.
AC: The action sequences are great .

BC: Three of the SP MLCs, who had resigned, have already joined the BJP .
AC: Three of the SP MLCs , who had resigned , have already joined the BJP .

BC: Are they winning?
AC: Are they winning ?

BC: But the previous government did not pay attention.
AC: But the previous government did not pay attention .

BC: This is the third consecutive day that Petrol and Diesel prices have witnessed a downward trend.
AC: This is the third consecutive day that Petrol and Diesel prices have witnessed a downward trend .

BC: How to Use it?
AC: How to Use it ?

BC: He went ahead.
AC: He went ahead .

BC: He also felicitated the students and their parents on the occasion.
AC: He also felicitated the students and their parents on the occasion .

BC: """I am not someone who insists on playing only the lead characters."
AC: " " " I am not someone who insists on playing only the lead characters . "

BC: It should be our natural responsibility to protect the environment, he said.
AC: It should be our natural responsibility to protect the environment , he said .

BC: Live across the street!
AC: Live across the street !

BC: category:countries that have Atlantic ocean as their border
AC: category : countries that have Atlantic ocean as their border

BC: 50 crore debt.
AC: 50 crore debt .

BC: Repo rate reduced by 40bps to 4%
AC: Repo rate reduced by 40bps to 4 %

BC: Dhoni also remained as the most successful Indian Test captain with his 27 wins from 60 matches.
AC: Dhoni also remained as the most successful Indian Test captain with his 27 wins from 60 matches .

BC: Many were initially stunned.
AC: Many were initially stunned .

BC: I am hearing for the first time.
AC: I am hearing for the first time .

BC: Punjab: Amid apprehensions of community spread of Covid and projections indicating that the pandemic peak in the state was still two months away, Punjab Chief Minister has ordered stricter lockdown on the weekends and public holidays, with movement to be restricted to e-pass holders.
AC: Punjab : Amid apprehensions of community spread of Covid and projections indicating that the pandemic peak in the state was still two months away , Punjab Chief Minister has ordered stricter lockdown on the weekends and public holidays , with movement to be restricted to e-pass holders .

BC: What true value, though, does gold have? If you were lost in a desert and dying of thirst, which would you prefer: a bar of gold or a glass of water?
AC: What true value , though , does gold have ? If you were lost in a desert and dying of thirst , which would you prefer : a bar of gold or a glass of water ?

BC: """What if Hanuma Vihari fails in two Test matches against West Indies?"
AC: " " " What if Hanuma Vihari fails in two Test matches against West Indies ? "

BC: The movie was much hyped before it released.
AC: The movie was much hyped before it released .

BC: Dont forget about your hair.
AC: Dont forget about your hair .

BC: Pakistani Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi will also be in Davos, but officials in India have said no meeting is planned between him and Modi.
AC: Pakistani Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi will also be in Davos , but officials in India have said no meeting is planned between him and Modi .

BC: Everyone was elbowing and jostling.
AC: Everyone was elbowing and jostling .

BC: Stones also were pelted on the police.
AC: Stones also were pelted on the police .

BC: He belongs to a farming family.
AC: He belongs to a farming family .

BC: Also, I love dancing.
AC: Also , I love dancing .

BC: The Covid-19 outbreak in Maharashtra continues to be worrisome.
AC: The Covid-19 outbreak in Maharashtra continues to be worrisome .

BC: Details on this arent yet available.
AC: Details on this arent yet available .

BC: Seven died in the accident and several were severely injured.
AC: Seven died in the accident and several were severely injured .

BC: With both.
AC: With both .

BC: Will has been riding line skis for at least 11 years.
AC: Will has been riding line skis for at least 11 years .

BC: Two crores were uprooted.
AC: Two crores were uprooted .

BC: BJP leaders...
AC: BJP leaders ...

BC: Less than 30 years after Jesus foretold that there would be a witness to all the nations, Paul wrote that the good news had been preached in all creation that is under heaven. Did the end then come?
AC: Less than 30 years after Jesus foretold that there would be a witness to all the nations , Paul wrote that the good news had been preached in all creation that is under heaven . Did the end then come ?

BC: We do not learn.
AC: We do not learn .

BC: The police has not registered a case in this regard so far.
AC: The police has not registered a case in this regard so far .

BC: It's nothing to boast of, though.
AC: It 's nothing to boast of , though .

BC: Mahesh Babu and Rameshwari won the Nandi Awards in Best Actor and Best Supporting Actress categories respectively.
AC: Mahesh Babu and Rameshwari won the Nandi Awards in Best Actor and Best Supporting Actress categories respectively .

BC: Police have registered the case and started investigation.
AC: Police have registered the case and started investigation .

BC: But I am not a Hindu.
AC: But I am not a Hindu .

BC: How do you fuse the two?
AC: How do you fuse the two ?

BC: The storage is expandable further up to 400GB via a microSD card.
AC: The storage is expandable further up to 400GB via a microSD card .

BC: The film was directed by Badla director Sujoy Ghosh.
AC: The film was directed by Badla director Sujoy Ghosh .

BC: Kotcherla is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
AC: Kotcherla is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .

BC: 1100 crores.
AC: 1100 crores .

BC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressed anguish over the incident.
AC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressed anguish over the incident .

BC: 200 crores.
AC: 200 crores .

BC: Master movie cast includes Tamil megastar Vijay in the lead roles.
AC: Master movie cast includes Tamil megastar Vijay in the lead roles .

BC: Yes, and thats very sad.
AC: Yes , and thats very sad .

BC: Whatever we choose to do, you will be a part of it.
AC: Whatever we choose to do , you will be a part of it .

BC: Dont worry...
AC: Dont worry ...

BC: He is survived by his wife, daughter and two sons
AC: He is survived by his wife , daughter and two sons

BC: LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav is on fast track.
AC: LUCKNOW : Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav is on fast track .

BC: It has set the film beautifully.
AC: It has set the film beautifully .

BC: The film also stars actors like Jackie Shroff, Ali Fazal, and Manisha Koirala.
AC: The film also stars actors like Jackie Shroff , Ali Fazal , and Manisha Koirala .

BC: Only then can we attain perfection in life.
AC: Only then can we attain perfection in life .

BC: I was just being in the moment.
AC: I was just being in the moment .

BC: An Air India flight landing at Indira Gandhi International airport in Delhi.
AC: An Air India flight landing at Indira Gandhi International airport in Delhi .

BC: "The Chronicle of Ireland records that in 431, Bishop Palladius arrived in Ireland on a mission from Pope Celestine I to minister to the Irish ""already believing in Christ""."
AC: " The Chronicle of Ireland records that in 431 , Bishop Palladius arrived in Ireland on a mission from Pope Celestine I to minister to the Irish " " already believing in Christ " . " "

BC: Both should be complementing each other.
AC: Both should be complementing each other .

BC: Many Congress MLAs are reportedly eager to join the TRS bandwagon.
AC: Many Congress MLAs are reportedly eager to join the TRS bandwagon .

BC: The tweet went viral on social media.
AC: The tweet went viral on social media .

BC: 1 tsp chopped garlic, 1 tsp chopped ginger
AC: 1 tsp chopped garlic , 1 tsp chopped ginger

BC: It is his personal matter.
AC: It is his personal matter .

BC: Three passengers died on spot.
AC: Three passengers died on spot .

BC: Who are the Progressives?
AC: Who are the Progressives ?

BC: Guests will come suddenly at home.
AC: Guests will come suddenly at home .

BC: Whatever he speaks, whatever he does.
AC: Whatever he speaks , whatever he does .

BC: It contains Vitamin B as well.
AC: It contains Vitamin B as well .

BC: And whats for dinner?
AC: And whats for dinner ?

BC: As a result, paddy, sugarcane and bajra crops have been damaged.
AC: As a result , paddy , sugarcane and bajra crops have been damaged .

BC: and still does.
AC: and still does .

BC: We are looking forward to this film.
AC: We are looking forward to this film .

BC: Argentina is a South American country.
AC: Argentina is a South American country .

BC: In this context,
AC: In this context ,

BC: Childrens safety is important.
AC: Childrens safety is important .

BC: What reason for this to happen there?
AC: What reason for this to happen there ?

BC: Only Gods Kingdom will bring permanent relief from oppression and injustice. Eccl.
AC: Only Gods Kingdom will bring permanent relief from oppression and injustice . Eccl .

BC: Chidambarams counsel Kapil Sibal moved his bail plea and sought an urgent hearing in the Supreme Court, challenging the Delhi High Court order denying him bail.
AC: Chidambarams counsel Kapil Sibal moved his bail plea and sought an urgent hearing in the Supreme Court , challenging the Delhi High Court order denying him bail .

BC: Later, he also spoke to mediapersons.
AC: Later , he also spoke to mediapersons .

BC: I WAS 19 years old, living far away from any family members, and totally unprepared, says Ruth of her first pregnancy.
AC: I WAS 19 years old , living far away from any family members , and totally unprepared , says Ruth of her first pregnancy .

BC: Ibrahim Ali Khan, Saif's son from his first marriage with Amrita Singh also reacted to the good news.
AC: Ibrahim Ali Khan , Saif 's son from his first marriage with Amrita Singh also reacted to the good news .

BC: Police have begun investigation into the matter.
AC: Police have begun investigation into the matter .

BC: By the end of the Watchtower study that morning, it was announced to the congregation that he had passed away.
AC: By the end of the Watchtower study that morning , it was announced to the congregation that he had passed away .

BC: I need major projects.
AC: I need major projects .

BC: When should he sleep?
AC: When should he sleep ?

BC: AMARAVATI: Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister YS Jagan Mohan Reddy extended his greetings to all the Muslim brothers and sisters on the eve of the holy day of Bakrid which
AC: AMARAVATI : Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister YS Jagan Mohan Reddy extended his greetings to all the Muslim brothers and sisters on the eve of the holy day of Bakrid which

BC: There isnt too much pressure.
AC: There isnt too much pressure .

BC: The original - language word for loving - kindness is alternatively rendered loyal love and entails fidelity, solidarity, and loyalty.
AC: The original - language word for loving - kindness is alternatively rendered loyal love and entails fidelity , solidarity , and loyalty .

BC: Helps in weight loss.
AC: Helps in weight loss .

BC: It is Children's Day.
AC: It is Children 's Day .

BC: These are such people.
AC: These are such people .

BC: Police has started investigating of whole case.
AC: Police has started investigating of whole case .

BC: When I grow up, I am going to go to Bethel to work hard. Promoting Bible Education
AC: When I grow up , I am going to go to Bethel to work hard . Promoting Bible Education

BC: But they need to sweat.
AC: But they need to sweat .

BC: How was it like?
AC: How was it like ?

BC: I know no foes.
AC: I know no foes .

BC: I liked teaching people about Jehovah, she says, but I never imagined that I could serve abroad.
AC: I liked teaching people about Jehovah , she says , but I never imagined that I could serve abroad .

BC: He said a digital divide cannot be allowed to take root in the society.
AC: He said a digital divide cannot be allowed to take root in the society .

BC: The police is clueless.
AC: The police is clueless .

BC: President Barack Obama of the United States welcomes the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, at the dinner hosted in his honour, at the White House, in Washington DC on Monday, Sept 29, 2014
AC: President Barack Obama of the United States welcomes the Prime Minister , Narendra Modi , at the dinner hosted in his honour , at the White House , in Washington DC on Monday , Sept 29 , 2014

BC: The winner.
AC: The winner .

BC: We later met in Delhi at India International Centre (IIC) conference of editors.
AC: We later met in Delhi at India International Centre ( IIC ) conference of editors .

BC: Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Siddharth Kaul and Mohammed Siraj picked up 2 wickets each for Hyderabad
AC: Bhuvneshwar Kumar , Siddharth Kaul and Mohammed Siraj picked up 2 wickets each for Hyderabad

BC: I could never trust him from then on.
AC: I could never trust him from then on .

BC: Gohpur is part of Tezpur Lok Sabha constituency.
AC: Gohpur is part of Tezpur Lok Sabha constituency .

BC: Talks with them are underway.
AC: Talks with them are underway .

BC: She got kudos for her good work.
AC: She got kudos for her good work .

BC: Among his other books are:
AC: Among his other books are :

BC: And Moses gave the tribute, which was the LORD's heave offering, unto Eleazar the priest, as the LORD commanded Moses.
AC: And Moses gave the tribute , which was the LORD 's heave offering , unto Eleazar the priest , as the LORD commanded Moses .

BC: Pawan Kalyan and Trivikram Srinivas are jointly producing the movie.
AC: Pawan Kalyan and Trivikram Srinivas are jointly producing the movie .

BC: Does it have a purpose?
AC: Does it have a purpose ?

BC: Samuel Badree (West Indies)
AC: Samuel Badree ( West Indies )

BC: The film is the debut of S. V. Krishna Reddy, to which he has provided the story, screenplay, music and the first film he has completely directed is Rajendrudu Gajendrudu.
AC: The film is the debut of S. V. Krishna Reddy , to which he has provided the story , screenplay , music and the first film he has completely directed is Rajendrudu Gajendrudu .

BC: Weapons are discharged.
AC: Weapons are discharged .

BC: Inspire others.
AC: Inspire others .

BC: 1500 crores.
AC: 1500 crores .

BC: Please refrain from spreading Fake News, he tweeted.
AC: Please refrain from spreading Fake News , he tweeted .

BC: I hope this continues in future.
AC: I hope this continues in future .

BC: There is no second opinion about it.
AC: There is no second opinion about it .

BC: The two are Indian citizens.
AC: The two are Indian citizens .

BC: You cant do that either.
AC: You cant do that either .

BC: But most important, Jehovahs Word counts Samson among those strong in faith. Hebrews 11: 32 - 34.
AC: But most important , Jehovahs Word counts Samson among those strong in faith . Hebrews 11 : 32 - 34 .

BC: What are the health benefits of pineapples?
AC: What are the health benefits of pineapples ?

BC: 2500 crores.
AC: 2500 crores .

BC: Whose cause is it anyway?
AC: Whose cause is it anyway ?

BC: The police has seized 32 bottles of illicit liquor from their possession.
AC: The police has seized 32 bottles of illicit liquor from their possession .

BC: The visiting head of the World Bank earlier in the day met Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman.
AC: The visiting head of the World Bank earlier in the day met Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman .

BC: Engage with them.
AC: Engage with them .

BC: They end up wrecking their living room in the process.
AC: They end up wrecking their living room in the process .

BC: His character is brilliant.
AC: His character is brilliant .

BC: FASTag works with the help of radio frequency identification system.
AC: FASTag works with the help of radio frequency identification system .

BC: King Shivaji has been a legendary figure in Indian history.
AC: King Shivaji has been a legendary figure in Indian history .

BC: Here's the list of candidates contesting in Telangana
AC: Here 's the list of candidates contesting in Telangana

BC: I have no recollection whatsoever of the film.
AC: I have no recollection whatsoever of the film .

BC: Does it really matter what you believe?
AC: Does it really matter what you believe ?

BC: 15 crore, Rs.
AC: 15 crore , Rs.

BC: Anushka, before she entered films
AC: Anushka , before she entered films

BC: Music is by Anirudh.
AC: Music is by Anirudh .

BC: Meditation improves concentration.
AC: Meditation improves concentration .

BC: Produced by BVSN Prasad, the film will be directed by Sukumar.
AC: Produced by BVSN Prasad , the film will be directed by Sukumar .

BC: They were all closed.
AC: They were all closed .

BC: Preparations are being made for it.
AC: Preparations are being made for it .

BC: The victims have to be given justice.
AC: The victims have to be given justice .

BC: "After CM KCR coming into power for the second time, there is an undeclared emergency prevailing in the State."""
AC: " After CM KCR coming into power for the second time , there is an undeclared emergency prevailing in the State . " " "

BC: The situation is similar globally.
AC: The situation is similar globally .

BC: Canvas of work:
AC: Canvas of work :

BC: Party leaders were present.
AC: Party leaders were present .

BC: These apps can be downloaded on the mobile phone.
AC: These apps can be downloaded on the mobile phone .

BC: Paul understood this aspect of the commission.
AC: Paul understood this aspect of the commission .

BC: Jr NTR and Ram Charan both sections fans are waiting to witness their demi-god looks in 'RRR'.
AC: Jr NTR and Ram Charan both sections fans are waiting to witness their demi-god looks in ' RRR ' .

BC: The first three winners will be given prizes.
AC: The first three winners will be given prizes .

BC: This worried the Indian government.
AC: This worried the Indian government .

BC: 30 lakh.
AC: 30 lakh .

BC: The authorities have moved the people to safer places.
AC: The authorities have moved the people to safer places .

BC: They werent happy about it.
AC: They werent happy about it .

BC: Who is our Leader, and what shows that he is aware of conditions within the congregations?
AC: Who is our Leader , and what shows that he is aware of conditions within the congregations ?

BC: That is the last thing.
AC: That is the last thing .

BC: As per The Times of India, senior sub-inspector of Kotwali police station, Shamsher Yadav said, The grooms family levelled serious allegations at the woman, who brought the marriage proposal.
AC: As per The Times of India , senior sub-inspector of Kotwali police station , Shamsher Yadav said , The grooms family levelled serious allegations at the woman , who brought the marriage proposal .

BC: Behold, the angel who talked with me went forth, and another angel went out to meet him,
AC: Behold , the angel who talked with me went forth , and another angel went out to meet him ,

BC: This is holding up economic development.
AC: This is holding up economic development .

BC: Due to this, the government came under sharp attack.
AC: Due to this , the government came under sharp attack .

BC: He is representing Congress in the upcoming Assembly Elections.
AC: He is representing Congress in the upcoming Assembly Elections .

BC: to 218 million kgs.
AC: to 218 million kgs .

BC: What are you resolved to do to safeguard your spiritual riches?
AC: What are you resolved to do to safeguard your spiritual riches ?

BC: In this effort, the Government has decided to enroll the services of Scouts Guides, NCC, NSS and other voluntary organizations as volunteers, with Health Services.
AC: In this effort , the Government has decided to enroll the services of Scouts Guides , NCC , NSS and other voluntary organizations as volunteers , with Health Services .

BC: Rain and thundershower occurred at various places in the west coast, Jammu and Kashmir, east Madhya Pradesh and Saurashtra and Kutch
AC: Rain and thundershower occurred at various places in the west coast , Jammu and Kashmir , east Madhya Pradesh and Saurashtra and Kutch

BC: A fourth way to promote unity is by showing love in imitation of Jehovah, the God of love.
AC: A fourth way to promote unity is by showing love in imitation of Jehovah , the God of love .

BC: He doesnt run.
AC: He doesnt run .

BC: The Crime Branch arrested village head, Sanji Ram, his son Vishal, juvenile nephew and his friend Anand Dutta, and two special police officers Deepak Khajuria and Surender Verma.
AC: The Crime Branch arrested village head , Sanji Ram , his son Vishal , juvenile nephew and his friend Anand Dutta , and two special police officers Deepak Khajuria and Surender Verma .

BC: However, nothing had been issued so far.
AC: However , nothing had been issued so far .

BC: "Global business community is upbeat about the India success story,"" Ministry of External Affairs Spokesperson Raveesh Kumar tweeted."
AC: " Global business community is upbeat about the India success story , " " Ministry of External Affairs Spokesperson Raveesh Kumar tweeted . "

BC: There are opportunities.
AC: There are opportunities .

BC: First session:
AC: First session :

BC: A selection committee will carry out interviews between July 11 and July 25.
AC: A selection committee will carry out interviews between July 11 and July 25 .

BC: Subbarao asked.
AC: Subbarao asked .

BC: I won with a huge majority.
AC: I won with a huge majority .

BC: He will be present in the meeting.
AC: He will be present in the meeting .

BC: Though the issue created a storm in the assembly for a couple of days, the then speaker Ramesh Kumar subsequently let it die a silent death.
AC: Though the issue created a storm in the assembly for a couple of days , the then speaker Ramesh Kumar subsequently let it die a silent death .

BC: Do not trigger children.
AC: Do not trigger children .

BC: Nabha Natesh and Nidhhi Agerwal acted as the female leads in the movie.
AC: Nabha Natesh and Nidhhi Agerwal acted as the female leads in the movie .

BC: Help is required.
AC: Help is required .

BC: Know who youre dealing with.
AC: Know who youre dealing with .

BC: The Citizenship Amendment Bill intends to grant Indian nationality to non-Muslims from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan.
AC: The Citizenship Amendment Bill intends to grant Indian nationality to non-Muslims from Bangladesh , Pakistan and Afghanistan .

BC: Superstar Mahesh Babu is currently busy with the shoot of his upcoming film 'Sarileru Neekevvaru' which is shaping up well.
AC: Superstar Mahesh Babu is currently busy with the shoot of his upcoming film ' Sarileru Neekevvaru ' which is shaping up well .

BC: The film is set in a rural backdrop.
AC: The film is set in a rural backdrop .

BC: Former Russian secret service agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia were attacked in their Salisbury home in the United Kingdom.
AC: Former Russian secret service agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia were attacked in their Salisbury home in the United Kingdom .

BC: His fans celebrate his birthday in various ways.
AC: His fans celebrate his birthday in various ways .

BC: The bodies have been taken to Osmania Hospital for post-mortem.
AC: The bodies have been taken to Osmania Hospital for post-mortem .

BC: It is not the real thing.
AC: It is not the real thing .

BC: Promotions of the film are going on in full swing.
AC: Promotions of the film are going on in full swing .

BC: Meanwhile, the rupee fell by 40 paise at 70.87 to the dollar.
AC: Meanwhile , the rupee fell by 40 paise at 70.87 to the dollar .

BC: Suddenly, there was chaos.
AC: Suddenly , there was chaos .

BC: Certainly there is no mountain from which one could be shown all the kingdoms of the world and their glory.
AC: Certainly there is no mountain from which one could be shown all the kingdoms of the world and their glory .

BC: And I will add unto thy days fifteen years. and I will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria. and I will defend this city for mine own sake, and for my servant David's sake.
AC: And I will add unto thy days fifteen years. and I will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria. and I will defend this city for mine own sake , and for my servant David 's sake .

BC: Kerala recorded 5,722 new cases while Maharashtra reported 5,535 daily cases yesterday.
AC: Kerala recorded 5,722 new cases while Maharashtra reported 5,535 daily cases yesterday .

BC: Sanjay Dutt was also present at the meeting.
AC: Sanjay Dutt was also present at the meeting .

BC: I was in Class VIII then.
AC: I was in Class VIII then .

BC: In Delhi, petrol price per litre is priced at Rs.
AC: In Delhi , petrol price per litre is priced at Rs.

BC: Both state and central governments are sensitive.
AC: Both state and central governments are sensitive .

BC: The add-on could not be installed because it does not match the add-on %1$S expected.
AC: The add-on could not be installed because it does not match the add-on % 1 $ S expected .

BC: Earth's outer surface is divided into several rigid segments, or tectonic plates, that migrate across the surface over periods of many millions of years. About 71% of the surface is covered with salt water oceans, the remainder consisting of continents and islands which together have many lakes and other sources of water contributing to the hydrosphere. Liquid water, necessary for all known life, is not known to exist in equilibrium on any other planet's surface.[note 8][note 9] Earth's poles are mostly covered with solid ice (Antarctic ice sheet) or sea ice (Arctic ice cap). The planet's interior remains active, with a thick layer of relatively solid mantle, a liquid outer core that generates a magnetic field, and a solid iron inner core.
AC: Earth 's outer surface is divided into several rigid segments , or tectonic plates , that migrate across the surface over periods of many millions of years . About 71 % of the surface is covered with salt water oceans , the remainder consisting of continents and islands which together have many lakes and other sources of water contributing to the hydrosphere . Liquid water , necessary for all known life , is not known to exist in equilibrium on any other planet 's surface . [ note 8 ] [ note 9 ] Earth 's poles are mostly covered with solid ice ( Antarctic ice sheet ) or sea ice ( Arctic ice cap ) . The planet 's interior remains active , with a thick layer of relatively solid mantle , a liquid outer core that generates a magnetic field , and a solid iron inner core .

BC: Maharashtra Chief Minister Uddhav Thackeray's son Aaditya Thackeray has also been sworn in as a Cabinet Minister.
AC: Maharashtra Chief Minister Uddhav Thackeray 's son Aaditya Thackeray has also been sworn in as a Cabinet Minister .

BC: He graduated from Guntur Hindu College, Andhra University in Commerce.
AC: He graduated from Guntur Hindu College , Andhra University in Commerce .

BC: What else can one expect from the BJP?
AC: What else can one expect from the BJP ?

BC: The accident took place close to the Sandringham Estate.
AC: The accident took place close to the Sandringham Estate .

BC: Many physically healthy people are unhappy. Some even attempt suicide because they have no hope for the future or because they feel overwhelmed with problems.
AC: Many physically healthy people are unhappy . Some even attempt suicide because they have no hope for the future or because they feel overwhelmed with problems .

BC: "The chief minister is bringing revolutionary changes in the educational, medical and agricultural sectors,"" he said."
AC: " The chief minister is bringing revolutionary changes in the educational , medical and agricultural sectors , " " he said . "

BC: 270 crores.
AC: 270 crores .

BC: This cycle repeats endlessly.
AC: This cycle repeats endlessly .

BC: Widespread heavy rainfall across city.
AC: Widespread heavy rainfall across city .

BC: The man grew old.
AC: The man grew old .

BC: Ten cabinet ministers, five each from BJP and Sena, were sworn in
AC: Ten cabinet ministers , five each from BJP and Sena , were sworn in

BC: What are the recent acquisitions?
AC: What are the recent acquisitions ?

BC: Shes a great writer.
AC: Shes a great writer .

BC: However, the government has arranged for Rs.
AC: However , the government has arranged for Rs.

BC: The film will be released in Telugu and Tamil.
AC: The film will be released in Telugu and Tamil .

BC: The centre's offer to amend the laws has failed to convince the farmers to end their protests
AC: The centre 's offer to amend the laws has failed to convince the farmers to end their protests

BC: Six feet of physical distance between buyers in shops and showrooms must be followed.
AC: Six feet of physical distance between buyers in shops and showrooms must be followed .

BC: The matter reached the police.
AC: The matter reached the police .

BC: Its a free download.
AC: Its a free download .

BC: There is no dearth of budget.
AC: There is no dearth of budget .

BC: What about movies?
AC: What about movies ?

BC: Also, take bath in a holy river.
AC: Also , take bath in a holy river .

BC: The film was recorded as a flop at the box office.
AC: The film was recorded as a flop at the box office .

BC: He demanded the filling of all vacant posts of teacher.
AC: He demanded the filling of all vacant posts of teacher .

BC: Both of them belong to same community.
AC: Both of them belong to same community .

BC: Demand justice.
AC: Demand justice .

BC: what is the right time?
AC: what is the right time ?

BC: Wed never thought this was going to happen.
AC: Wed never thought this was going to happen .

BC: When we prayerfully rely on Jehovahs spirit, our God fills us with an inner peace that belongs only to those who have a precious friendship with him. Rom.
AC: When we prayerfully rely on Jehovahs spirit , our God fills us with an inner peace that belongs only to those who have a precious friendship with him . Rom .

BC: James Anderson (England) 91 for 1 in 9.5 overs against India at Bangalore in 2011
AC: James Anderson ( England ) 91 for 1 in 9.5 overs against India at Bangalore in 2011

BC: The BJP won 71 seats.
AC: The BJP won 71 seats .

BC: Director Ram Gopal Verma (RGV) posted yet another sensational tweet, this time not on the death of actress Sridevi though.
AC: Director Ram Gopal Verma ( RGV ) posted yet another sensational tweet , this time not on the death of actress Sridevi though .

BC: Look at the final outcome.
AC: Look at the final outcome .

BC: Its not a war.
AC: Its not a war .

BC: Not just that, its also good for weight loss.
AC: Not just that , its also good for weight loss .

BC: All the political parties are preparing for the elections.
AC: All the political parties are preparing for the elections .

BC: He described the incident as an act of aggression.
AC: He described the incident as an act of aggression .

BC: It is considered to be a classic.
AC: It is considered to be a classic .

BC: Despite this, they both seem to have held at least parts of lower Egypt.
AC: Despite this , they both seem to have held at least parts of lower Egypt .

BC: I lost confidence.
AC: I lost confidence .

BC: it had asked.
AC: it had asked .

BC: So the answer is yes.
AC: So the answer is yes .

BC: We were there.
AC: We were there .

BC: But Jonathan knew that God was with David and not with Saul. Therefore, Jonathan put loyalty to David ahead of loyalty to Saul.
AC: But Jonathan knew that God was with David and not with Saul . Therefore , Jonathan put loyalty to David ahead of loyalty to Saul .

BC: Kavitha lodged a complaint at the Vijayanagar police station.
AC: Kavitha lodged a complaint at the Vijayanagar police station .

BC: Siva Balaji was the winner of the Bigg Boss season 1.
AC: Siva Balaji was the winner of the Bigg Boss season 1 .

BC: They were working as porters.
AC: They were working as porters .

BC: During the meeting both leaders discussed various issues of mutual interest.
AC: During the meeting both leaders discussed various issues of mutual interest .

BC: Lets look at the process to do it.
AC: Lets look at the process to do it .

BC: Yes, { $visits } times
AC: Yes , { $ visits } times

BC: What do I know?
AC: What do I know ?

BC: Chief Ministers of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh, K.Chandrasekhar Rao and N.Chandrababu Naidu respectively, are going to meet once again
AC: Chief Ministers of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh , K.Chandrasekhar Rao and N.Chandrababu Naidu respectively , are going to meet once again

BC: The girl also said the same.
AC: The girl also said the same .

BC: They became husband and wife at this convention.
AC: They became husband and wife at this convention .

BC: Innovation and failure is a part of learning.
AC: Innovation and failure is a part of learning .

BC: Post Name: Assistant Manager/ Senior Officer
AC: Post Name : Assistant Manager / Senior Officer

BC: The note has been seized by the police.
AC: The note has been seized by the police .

BC: During that period Suma (Suman Ranganathan), the regular model of Ajay meets with a fracture and Lahari replaces her as the model opposite Ajay.
AC: During that period Suma ( Suman Ranganathan ) , the regular model of Ajay meets with a fracture and Lahari replaces her as the model opposite Ajay .

BC: The incident took place in Koriya district of Chhattisgarh.
AC: The incident took place in Koriya district of Chhattisgarh .

BC: Five survived.
AC: Five survived .

BC: The train will have stops at Kota, Ratlam, Vadodara, Vasai Road, Panvel, Ratnagiri, Madgaon, Mangaluru Jn, Kozhikode and Ernakulam Jn.
AC: The train will have stops at Kota , Ratlam , Vadodara , Vasai Road , Panvel , Ratnagiri , Madgaon , Mangaluru Jn , Kozhikode and Ernakulam Jn .

BC: Its very dynamic.
AC: Its very dynamic .

BC: This is sure going to leave fans happy.
AC: This is sure going to leave fans happy .

BC: I hope that the film becomes a huge hit.
AC: I hope that the film becomes a huge hit .

BC: Due to the presence of many nerves inside the vagina, lot of pleasure is experienced during sexual intercourse.
AC: Due to the presence of many nerves inside the vagina , lot of pleasure is experienced during sexual intercourse .

BC: Come on, let's go home.
AC: Come on , let 's go home .

BC: The BJP opposed it.
AC: The BJP opposed it .

BC: Maken congratulated Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Arvind Kejriwal
AC: Maken congratulated Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP ) leader Arvind Kejriwal

BC: The result is one of the three largest country houses in Hungary.
AC: The result is one of the three largest country houses in Hungary .

BC: Everyone knows what it is.
AC: Everyone knows what it is .

BC: Time is all-powerful.
AC: Time is all-powerful .

BC: Colours: Black/White
AC: Colours : Black / White

BC: The Prime Minister said that the Indian Cinema has a big role in enhancing Indias soft power, its credibility and building the Brand India across the world.
AC: The Prime Minister said that the Indian Cinema has a big role in enhancing Indias soft power , its credibility and building the Brand India across the world .

BC: Launch of Mobile App At the press briefing, the Government of India launched a mobile app, to bring the people of India together in a resolute fight against COVID-19.
AC: Launch of Mobile App At the press briefing , the Government of India launched a mobile app , to bring the people of India together in a resolute fight against COVID-19 .

BC: The condition of two more students has been reported as critical.
AC: The condition of two more students has been reported as critical .

BC: First, he asked Peter if he knew that God has a personal name and asked him to read it directly from the Bible at Psalm 83: 18.
AC: First , he asked Peter if he knew that God has a personal name and asked him to read it directly from the Bible at Psalm 83 : 18 .

BC: The former Congress leader joined TRS in the presence of party president and Chief Minister K Chandrashekar Rao at the party office.
AC: The former Congress leader joined TRS in the presence of party president and Chief Minister K Chandrashekar Rao at the party office .

BC: Some foods to have...
AC: Some foods to have ...

BC: We should not forget them.
AC: We should not forget them .

BC: No way! He is dangerous. With Jehovahs help and the assistance of some brothers, I was included in a group passport and was thus able to attend that wonderful convention.
AC: No way ! He is dangerous . With Jehovahs help and the assistance of some brothers , I was included in a group passport and was thus able to attend that wonderful convention .

BC: So, heres what you can do.
AC: So , heres what you can do .

BC: The interior has only one nave.
AC: The interior has only one nave .

BC: A director for the films has yet to be named.
AC: A director for the films has yet to be named .

BC: Why so silent?
AC: Why so silent ?

BC: Nowadays, only a few people living in Einllen actually work here.
AC: Nowadays , only a few people living in Einllen actually work here .

BC: However, this bill awaits approval by the Rajya Sabha.
AC: However , this bill awaits approval by the Rajya Sabha .

BC: Villagers were surprised to see all this.
AC: Villagers were surprised to see all this .

BC: Get treatment.
AC: Get treatment .

BC: I cant get over it.
AC: I cant get over it .

BC: The event happened in NASAs headquarters in Washington.
AC: The event happened in NASAs headquarters in Washington .

BC: No 'Dhoom 4' for Prabhas
AC: No ' Dhoom 4 ' for Prabhas

BC: Private hospitals...
AC: Private hospitals ...

BC: "God said to Abraham, ""As for you, you will keep my covenant, you and your seed after you throughout their generations."
AC: " God said to Abraham , " " As for you , you will keep my covenant , you and your seed after you throughout their generations . "

BC: I do take rest.
AC: I do take rest .

BC: He taught me how to fight and overcome difficulties and challenges of life.
AC: He taught me how to fight and overcome difficulties and challenges of life .

BC: But TDP announced it.
AC: But TDP announced it .

BC: Anu Emmanuel will be seen playing athe female lead in Naa Peru Surya alongside Allu Arjun.
AC: Anu Emmanuel will be seen playing athe female lead in Naa Peru Surya alongside Allu Arjun .

BC: Well, who wouldnt?
AC: Well , who wouldnt ?

BC: The photo has gone viral on social media.
AC: The photo has gone viral on social media .

BC: """This is something which Babasaheb Ambedkar has given us and no power can take it away,"" he said."
AC: " " " This is something which Babasaheb Ambedkar has given us and no power can take it away , " " he said . "

BC: """We have not done it purposefully."
AC: " " " We have not done it purposefully . "

BC: The Satavahana coins give unique indications as to their chronology, language, and even facial features (curly hair, long ears and strong lips).
AC: The Satavahana coins give unique indications as to their chronology , language , and even facial features ( curly hair , long ears and strong lips ) .

BC: The main Muslim and Christian festivals are often celebrated in ways that are unique to Nigeria or unique to the people of a locality.
AC: The main Muslim and Christian festivals are often celebrated in ways that are unique to Nigeria or unique to the people of a locality .

BC: The Congress stance on the issue is not positive.
AC: The Congress stance on the issue is not positive .

BC: To ameliorate the situation several steps have to be taken.
AC: To ameliorate the situation several steps have to be taken .

BC: 41 crore.
AC: 41 crore .

BC: Nagaland: StateGovt to bear expenses for return of stranded people by trains.
AC: Nagaland : StateGovt to bear expenses for return of stranded people by trains .

BC: People reached at polling stations to cast their votes.
AC: People reached at polling stations to cast their votes .

BC: Well see over the next days what the outcome is going to be.
AC: Well see over the next days what the outcome is going to be .

BC: The Indian Space Research Organisation had constituted a high-level committee, headed by S Somanath, Director of Thiruvananthapuram-based Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre, the lead centre responsible for all launch vehicle programmes of ISRO, to prepare a report on the proposed Chandrayaan-3.
AC: The Indian Space Research Organisation had constituted a high-level committee , headed by S Somanath , Director of Thiruvananthapuram-based Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre , the lead centre responsible for all launch vehicle programmes of ISRO , to prepare a report on the proposed Chandrayaan-3 .

BC: It was a long wait...
AC: It was a long wait ...

BC: A: Ask him.
AC: A : Ask him .

BC: What are the challenges the youth face?
AC: What are the challenges the youth face ?

BC: They could not move about freely, as soldiers occupied the area.
AC: They could not move about freely , as soldiers occupied the area .

BC: I had been working in the Royal Dockyard in Chatham as an apprentice shipwright, a coveted position with excellent benefits.
AC: I had been working in the Royal Dockyard in Chatham as an apprentice shipwright , a coveted position with excellent benefits .

BC: The temple exhibits a strong sense of spirituality, and it is little wonder that the visitors experience a deep sense of peace and well being within the premises
AC: The temple exhibits a strong sense of spirituality , and it is little wonder that the visitors experience a deep sense of peace and well being within the premises

BC: She commented.
AC: She commented .

BC: He was present alongside his wife, the gorgeous actress Deepika Padukone.
AC: He was present alongside his wife , the gorgeous actress Deepika Padukone .

BC: It is visited by thousands of tourists annually.
AC: It is visited by thousands of tourists annually .

BC: Three people died on the spot, police said.
AC: Three people died on the spot , police said .

BC: Do you want { -brand-short-name } to continue with this update?
AC: Do you want { -brand-short-name } to continue with this update ?

BC: Shops were closed.
AC: Shops were closed .

BC: Police arrested the young man and booked a case against him.
AC: Police arrested the young man and booked a case against him .

BC: Profusely bleeding victims were shifted to the local civil hospital.
AC: Profusely bleeding victims were shifted to the local civil hospital .

BC: After asking for Gods support, he solemnly promised: As for everything that you will give me I shall without fail give the tenth of it to you.
AC: After asking for Gods support , he solemnly promised : As for everything that you will give me I shall without fail give the tenth of it to you .

BC: There have been 96 deaths.
AC: There have been 96 deaths .

BC: You will get some good news.
AC: You will get some good news .

BC: The waters made him great, the deep set him up on high with her rivers running round about his plants, and sent out her little rivers unto all the trees of the field.
AC: The waters made him great , the deep set him up on high with her rivers running round about his plants , and sent out her little rivers unto all the trees of the field .

BC: Union Minister Smriti Irani is an ardent social media user.
AC: Union Minister Smriti Irani is an ardent social media user .

BC: """I'm so proud of my parents."
AC: " " " I 'm so proud of my parents . "

BC: Xiaomi is offering its new budget smartphone Redmi 8A Dual through a special sale on Mi.com and Amazon India.
AC: Xiaomi is offering its new budget smartphone Redmi 8A Dual through a special sale on Mi.com and Amazon India .

BC: I actually do not know.
AC: I actually do not know .

BC: The movie was directed by Y. V. S. Chowdhary.
AC: The movie was directed by Y. V. S. Chowdhary .

BC: Her faith has made me stronger.
AC: Her faith has made me stronger .

BC: The Congress reacted sharply to this.
AC: The Congress reacted sharply to this .

BC: Polling in both UP and West Bengal are being held in all seven phases.
AC: Polling in both UP and West Bengal are being held in all seven phases .

BC: Crops in thousands of acres have been affected.
AC: Crops in thousands of acres have been affected .

BC: Red, yellow and orange colours are suitable at the Southeast.
AC: Red , yellow and orange colours are suitable at the Southeast .

BC: What's in a laugh?
AC: What 's in a laugh ?

BC: Namrata Shirodkar, wife of Mahesh Babu took to her Instagram and posted a photo in which Sitara was giving a head massage to Mahesh Babu.
AC: Namrata Shirodkar , wife of Mahesh Babu took to her Instagram and posted a photo in which Sitara was giving a head massage to Mahesh Babu .

BC: She then left her house, saying that she would not return.
AC: She then left her house , saying that she would not return .

BC: Besides the budget, the panel has also selected to review the disinvestment policy, banking sector in the country, Reserve Bank of Indias emerging role and its framework.
AC: Besides the budget , the panel has also selected to review the disinvestment policy , banking sector in the country , Reserve Bank of Indias emerging role and its framework .

BC: But it was not as I had thought.
AC: But it was not as I had thought .

BC: Hyderabad: Here comes good news for tax payers.
AC: Hyderabad : Here comes good news for tax payers .

BC: But the release date of the movie has not been announced yet.
AC: But the release date of the movie has not been announced yet .

BC: They humbly remember that some anointed men in the first century did not qualify to serve as elders or ministerial servants.
AC: They humbly remember that some anointed men in the first century did not qualify to serve as elders or ministerial servants .

BC: Why God has been cruel to us.
AC: Why God has been cruel to us .

BC: It is resulting in immense financial burden on them.
AC: It is resulting in immense financial burden on them .

BC: In a state...
AC: In a state ...

BC: After marriage, they live in Mumbai.
AC: After marriage , they live in Mumbai .

BC: The group makes a run for it and hole up in a small room for safety.
AC: The group makes a run for it and hole up in a small room for safety .

BC: The Witness who studied the Bible with her noticed that there were fewer icons around each time she visited Oliveras home.
AC: The Witness who studied the Bible with her noticed that there were fewer icons around each time she visited Oliveras home .

BC: Godmother (1999).
AC: Godmother ( 1999 ) .

BC: He has four daughters.
AC: He has four daughters .

BC: This is but a temporary consolation.
AC: This is but a temporary consolation .

BC: came to power.
AC: came to power .

BC: They are thankful for all that Jehovah has done for them by means of his Son, including the extending of forgiveness on the basis of Christs shed blood.
AC: They are thankful for all that Jehovah has done for them by means of his Son , including the extending of forgiveness on the basis of Christs shed blood .

BC: Or found him dead?
AC: Or found him dead ?

BC: In Tamil Nadu, the DMK-Congress alliance is gaining big and is set to win the Assembly elections.
AC: In Tamil Nadu , the DMK-Congress alliance is gaining big and is set to win the Assembly elections .

BC: I came out.
AC: I came out .

BC: What is he drinking?
AC: What is he drinking ?

BC: If we were mentally bogged down we wouldnt be able to compete at all.
AC: If we were mentally bogged down we wouldnt be able to compete at all .

BC: Boost your immune system.
AC: Boost your immune system .

BC: They shall not come near to me, to execute the office of priest to me, nor to come near to any of my holy things, to the things that are most holy. but they shall bear their shame, and their abominations which they have committed.
AC: They shall not come near to me , to execute the office of priest to me , nor to come near to any of my holy things , to the things that are most holy. but they shall bear their shame , and their abominations which they have committed .

BC: Im so happy.
AC: Im so happy .

BC: Hyderabad: Controversial Tollywood Actress Sri Reddy has been grabbing the headlines in the recent days.
AC: Hyderabad : Controversial Tollywood Actress Sri Reddy has been grabbing the headlines in the recent days .

BC: Yes, lets talk with the separatists.
AC: Yes , lets talk with the separatists .

BC: For their benefit.
AC: For their benefit .

BC: The video also left the former Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah impressed.
AC: The video also left the former Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah impressed .

BC: Cooperative Bank.
AC: Cooperative Bank .

BC: Rising investments in India Prime Minister talked about Indias rise in Ease of Doing Business rankings of the World Bank.
AC: Rising investments in India Prime Minister talked about Indias rise in Ease of Doing Business rankings of the World Bank .

BC: Former captain Sunil Gavaskar has weighed into the raging debate regarding the wicket-keeping role in the Indian cricket team.
AC: Former captain Sunil Gavaskar has weighed into the raging debate regarding the wicket-keeping role in the Indian cricket team .

BC: He was a brave warrior. she was a humble homemaker.
AC: He was a brave warrior. she was a humble homemaker .

BC: This results in headache.
AC: This results in headache .

BC: BJP also responded to it.
AC: BJP also responded to it .

BC: 25 lakh crore.
AC: 25 lakh crore .

BC: 15 crores.
AC: 15 crores .

BC: Bethlehem (Ephrath)
AC: Bethlehem ( Ephrath )

BC: Sift the flour with the baking powder and salt.
AC: Sift the flour with the baking powder and salt .

BC: Uzma Ahmed, an Indian national, fell in love with Tahir Ali, a Pakistani citizen, whom she met in Malaysia.
AC: Uzma Ahmed , an Indian national , fell in love with Tahir Ali , a Pakistani citizen , whom she met in Malaysia .

BC: and still does.
AC: and still does .

BC: Food, essential household items, and medical supplies were provided.
AC: Food , essential household items , and medical supplies were provided .

BC: You can create opportunities!
AC: You can create opportunities !

BC: The investigation has been going on ever since.
AC: The investigation has been going on ever since .

BC: Hundreds of innocent people were killed.
AC: Hundreds of innocent people were killed .

BC: That word picture is also used by Jesus in describing his coming to execute judgment on this system of things. Matthew 24: 43, 44. 1 Thessalonians 5: 2.
AC: That word picture is also used by Jesus in describing his coming to execute judgment on this system of things . Matthew 24 : 43 , 44 . 1 Thessalonians 5 : 2 .

BC: Get some books and read.
AC: Get some books and read .

BC: You look worried.
AC: You look worried .

BC: His family was in shock.
AC: His family was in shock .

BC: Friends, Be it farm, fisheries, food processing, footwear or pharma, the gates of new opportunities are open for you in many sectors.
AC: Friends , Be it farm , fisheries , food processing , footwear or pharma , the gates of new opportunities are open for you in many sectors .

BC: New Delhi: With the elections round the corner, hectic activities are on throughout the country.
AC: New Delhi : With the elections round the corner , hectic activities are on throughout the country .

BC: After the fire, some passengers pulled the emergency chain to stop the train and immediately alighted from it.
AC: After the fire , some passengers pulled the emergency chain to stop the train and immediately alighted from it .

BC: Main features:
AC: Main features :

BC: What follows is a period of unrest and political instability.
AC: What follows is a period of unrest and political instability .

BC: Today, if you look at India's global influence, it is strengthening in all spheres -- economic, cultural and military. Today, the dominance of people of Indian origin is increasing across the world
AC: Today , if you look at India 's global influence , it is strengthening in all spheres -- economic , cultural and military . Today , the dominance of people of Indian origin is increasing across the world

BC: Grass said that the man did not subscribe to any of the prevailing ideologies, being neither a Nazi, a Communist, nor a Socialist.
AC: Grass said that the man did not subscribe to any of the prevailing ideologies , being neither a Nazi , a Communist , nor a Socialist .

BC: The car was completely destroyed.
AC: The car was completely destroyed .

BC: Tourists in between 55 lakh and 15 lakh visited Medak, Sangareddy, Yadadri, Nirmal, Jagitial, Siddipet, Mahabubnagar, Nagarkurnool, Jogulamba, Mulugu, Warangal Urban and Khammam districts.
AC: Tourists in between 55 lakh and 15 lakh visited Medak , Sangareddy , Yadadri , Nirmal , Jagitial , Siddipet , Mahabubnagar , Nagarkurnool , Jogulamba , Mulugu , Warangal Urban and Khammam districts .

BC: President Donald Trump had called Prime Minister Modi.
AC: President Donald Trump had called Prime Minister Modi .

BC: Any recommendations?
AC: Any recommendations ?

BC: It is expected to cost Rs 50 crore.
AC: It is expected to cost Rs 50 crore .

BC: But this assumption is not correct.
AC: But this assumption is not correct .

BC: 1,500 was imposed.
AC: 1,500 was imposed .

BC: What doesn't make sense?
AC: What doesn 't make sense ?

BC: Do you still think about that?
AC: Do you still think about that ?

BC: What is an IMEI number?
AC: What is an IMEI number ?

BC: The phone comes with 18W fast charging support.
AC: The phone comes with 18W fast charging support .

BC: Add chilli powder and salt and fry.
AC: Add chilli powder and salt and fry .

BC: All the best to everyone.
AC: All the best to everyone .

BC: Informed HPCL, BPCL, RCF, Police, MGL.
AC: Informed HPCL , BPCL , RCF , Police , MGL .

BC: On this occasion Mayor Anjali Kumari, Ex-MP Mahavir lal Vishwakarma, District BJP President Tunnu Gope, President of Ramnavmi Mahasamiti Piku Yadav, BJP leaders Raj Kumar lal, Shankar Gupta, Ashok Yadav, Anupam Sinha...
AC: On this occasion Mayor Anjali Kumari , Ex-MP Mahavir lal Vishwakarma , District BJP President Tunnu Gope , President of Ramnavmi Mahasamiti Piku Yadav , BJP leaders Raj Kumar lal , Shankar Gupta , Ashok Yadav , Anupam Sinha ...

BC: The latest is that the actor is in consideration for a role in Ram Charans upcoming film with Boyapati Srinu.
AC: The latest is that the actor is in consideration for a role in Ram Charans upcoming film with Boyapati Srinu .

BC: Level up:
AC: Level up :

BC: for the original words six months by the Constitution (Forty-second Amendment) Act, 1976,
AC: for the original words six months by the Constitution ( Forty-second Amendment ) Act , 1976 ,

BC: His parents inspired him.
AC: His parents inspired him .

BC: The production is also good.
AC: The production is also good .

BC: The Bible refers to these gods as the product of the hands of man..., which cannot see or hear or eat or smell.
AC: The Bible refers to these gods as the product of the hands of man ... , which cannot see or hear or eat or smell .

BC: Over 50 were injured.
AC: Over 50 were injured .

BC: A total of 1,159 people were cured and discharged from hospitals, which has taken the number of cured patients to 25,999.
AC: A total of 1,159 people were cured and discharged from hospitals , which has taken the number of cured patients to 25,999 .

BC: The incident took place in Hoshangabad.
AC: The incident took place in Hoshangabad .

BC: There is a smile on their faces.
AC: There is a smile on their faces .

BC: The police said the accused would be produced in the court.
AC: The police said the accused would be produced in the court .

BC: But adolescence has not been easy.
AC: But adolescence has not been easy .

BC: 7: 1 To what does the mown grass of the king refer?
AC: 7 : 1 To what does the mown grass of the king refer ?

BC: In this latter sense, a synonym for context would be background.
AC: In this latter sense , a synonym for context would be background .

BC: Do these promises sound familiar to you?
AC: Do these promises sound familiar to you ?

BC: The first two matches will be played at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai.
AC: The first two matches will be played at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai .

BC: Kya hai re tu?
AC: Kya hai re tu ?

BC: The BR Chopra directorial had Sanjeev Kumar, Vidya Sinha and Ranjeeta in lead roles.
AC: The BR Chopra directorial had Sanjeev Kumar , Vidya Sinha and Ranjeeta in lead roles .

BC: The doors opened.
AC: The doors opened .

BC: the former PM asked.
AC: the former PM asked .

BC: How are they?
AC: How are they ?

BC: Mahindra's Monsoon offer is valid only till the 30th of June, 2014
AC: Mahindra 's Monsoon offer is valid only till the 30th of June , 2014

BC: They constitute 10 per cent of the total population.
AC: They constitute 10 per cent of the total population .

BC: It was difficult initially.
AC: It was difficult initially .

BC: All the best papa.
AC: All the best papa .

BC: So what are we saying here?
AC: So what are we saying here ?

BC: You get an interest rate of 7.90 per cent on deposits ranging from 24 months to 36 months time period.
AC: You get an interest rate of 7.90 per cent on deposits ranging from 24 months to 36 months time period .

BC: In the Persian language of contemporary Iran the territory of Drangiana was called Sakastna, in Armenian as Sakastan, with similar equivalents in Pahlavi, Greek, Sogdian, Syriac, Arabic, and the Middle Persian tongue used in Turfan, Xinjiang, China.
AC: In the Persian language of contemporary Iran the territory of Drangiana was called Sakastna , in Armenian as Sakastan , with similar equivalents in Pahlavi , Greek , Sogdian , Syriac , Arabic , and the Middle Persian tongue used in Turfan , Xinjiang , China .

BC: The same is true in politics, too.
AC: The same is true in politics , too .

BC: They have separate shapes and separate tastes.
AC: They have separate shapes and separate tastes .

BC: I am confident that the global investor community, will recognize the immense potential waiting to be tapped from Indias startup pool.
AC: I am confident that the global investor community , will recognize the immense potential waiting to be tapped from Indias startup pool .

BC: """Way to go girls!"
AC: " " " Way to go girls ! "

BC: Season with salt and sugar.
AC: Season with salt and sugar .

BC: "I want it to be a success."""
AC: " I want it to be a success . " " "

BC: VISAKHAPATNAM: PV Sindhu, world number five, became the first Indian to win the World Badminton Championship.
AC: VISAKHAPATNAM : PV Sindhu , world number five , became the first Indian to win the World Badminton Championship .

BC: Isn't this our responsibility?
AC: Isn 't this our responsibility ?

BC: There are many nutrients in egg.
AC: There are many nutrients in egg .

BC: Who discovered it?
AC: Who discovered it ?

BC: The nearest international airport is the Indira Gandhi International Airport.
AC: The nearest international airport is the Indira Gandhi International Airport .

BC: There is no question of removing them.
AC: There is no question of removing them .

BC: Then he went home.
AC: Then he went home .

BC: Yes, let us declare among the nations his glory, among all the peoples his wonderful works. Psalm 78: 3, 4. 96: 3, 4.
AC: Yes , let us declare among the nations his glory , among all the peoples his wonderful works . Psalm 78 : 3 , 4 . 96 : 3 , 4 .

BC: He raped the girl several times.
AC: He raped the girl several times .

BC: Abraham wept over the death of his beloved wife, Sarah.
AC: Abraham wept over the death of his beloved wife , Sarah .

BC: Water is allowed?
AC: Water is allowed ?

BC: He played for Mumbai Indians in this year's Indian Premier League (IPL 9)
AC: He played for Mumbai Indians in this year 's Indian Premier League ( IPL 9 )

BC: The victim lodged complaint with the police.
AC: The victim lodged complaint with the police .

BC: His parents were supportive too.
AC: His parents were supportive too .

BC: Actually, that is not entirely correct.
AC: Actually , that is not entirely correct .

BC: Tamil Nadu: With spike in cases, need for extra beds on the rise in Madurai it is now the sixth district in the State in terms of number of active cases (452).
AC: Tamil Nadu : With spike in cases , need for extra beds on the rise in Madurai it is now the sixth district in the State in terms of number of active cases ( 452 ) .

BC: He was taken to the Apollo Hospital.
AC: He was taken to the Apollo Hospital .

BC: The film is not as gripping as expected.
AC: The film is not as gripping as expected .

BC: Why late then?
AC: Why late then ?

BC: Rs 500 crore has been allocated.
AC: Rs 500 crore has been allocated .

BC: There is no unity.
AC: There is no unity .

BC: Trump has denied the accusations.
AC: Trump has denied the accusations .

BC: There are some changes.
AC: There are some changes .

BC: Theres no ego.
AC: Theres no ego .

BC: The second thing...
AC: The second thing ...

BC: The Rajmata Vijaya Raje Scindia (RVRS) Medical College, Bhilwara and the Bharatpur Medical College have been upgraded from District Hospitals into Medical Colleges while Super Speciality Blocks (SSB) are added to the Government Medical College, Kota. Sardar Patel Medical College, Bikaner. and Ravindra Nath Tagore Medical College, Udaipur
AC: The Rajmata Vijaya Raje Scindia ( RVRS ) Medical College , Bhilwara and the Bharatpur Medical College have been upgraded from District Hospitals into Medical Colleges while Super Speciality Blocks ( SSB ) are added to the Government Medical College , Kota . Sardar Patel Medical College , Bikaner. and Ravindra Nath Tagore Medical College , Udaipur

BC: But thats too simple an explanation.
AC: But thats too simple an explanation .

BC: PM Narendra Modi and Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath will be present at the event.
AC: PM Narendra Modi and Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath will be present at the event .

BC: The film has been in the news since its inception.
AC: The film has been in the news since its inception .

BC: Entry to the museum is free.
AC: Entry to the museum is free .

BC: The Gods are anxious.
AC: The Gods are anxious .

BC: But none thought it would come so soon.
AC: But none thought it would come so soon .

BC: Her performance in the film was praised among the critics.
AC: Her performance in the film was praised among the critics .

BC: I dont know the name.
AC: I dont know the name .

BC: Rinse your skin surface with warm water.
AC: Rinse your skin surface with warm water .

BC: Animals are no exception.
AC: Animals are no exception .

BC: You have an unsubmitted crash report.You have #1 unsubmitted crash reports
AC: You have an unsubmitted crash report.You have # 1 unsubmitted crash reports

BC: Meanwhile, Delhi secured a 113th position and Chennai at 115th.
AC: Meanwhile , Delhi secured a 113th position and Chennai at 115th .

BC: """No one trusts KCR."
AC: " " " No one trusts KCR . "

BC: Hyderabad: Former MP and Congress senior leader V. Hanumantha Rao alleged that Governor E.S.L.
AC: Hyderabad : Former MP and Congress senior leader V. Hanumantha Rao alleged that Governor E.S.L.

BC: Id love to know.
AC: Id love to know .

BC: It looks like you havent started %S in a while. Do you want to clean it up for a fresh, like-new experience? And by the way, welcome back!
AC: It looks like you havent started % S in a while . Do you want to clean it up for a fresh , like-new experience ? And by the way , welcome back !

BC: Break-in at bank, 14 kg gold stolen in Hyderabad
AC: Break-in at bank , 14 kg gold stolen in Hyderabad

BC: Amaravati: Senior TDP leader Rama Subba Reddy on Saturday met TDP chief and Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu at the TDP office in the city
AC: Amaravati : Senior TDP leader Rama Subba Reddy on Saturday met TDP chief and Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu at the TDP office in the city

BC: Earlier, Kovind had met senior leader Murli Manohar Joshi.
AC: Earlier , Kovind had met senior leader Murli Manohar Joshi .

BC: Why does she do all this?
AC: Why does she do all this ?

BC: Police has already arrested him.
AC: Police has already arrested him .

BC: The bills proposed the Secretariat to be situated in Visakhapatnam, High court in Kurnool and State Assembly at Amaravati.
AC: The bills proposed the Secretariat to be situated in Visakhapatnam , High court in Kurnool and State Assembly at Amaravati .

BC: Sania Mirza,tennis player
AC: Sania Mirza , tennis player

BC: This leads to several health complications.
AC: This leads to several health complications .

BC: Both cinematographers Ravi K. Chandran and Thiru have done a fantastic job and have captured all the scenes in a really beautiful sense.
AC: Both cinematographers Ravi K. Chandran and Thiru have done a fantastic job and have captured all the scenes in a really beautiful sense .

BC: You need to have a conversation with your child.
AC: You need to have a conversation with your child .

BC: """If it happens it happens."
AC: " " " If it happens it happens . "

BC: Shri Vivek Mehra, from Sage Publications, the publishers of the book, was also present.
AC: Shri Vivek Mehra , from Sage Publications , the publishers of the book , was also present .

BC: wrote Smith.
AC: wrote Smith .

BC: Justice S Nagamuthu, who lead the bench, while taking serious view of the statement of City Police Commissioner that the case will not come in the jurisdiction of the city police, asked the PP whether there is any truth in it.
AC: Justice S Nagamuthu , who lead the bench , while taking serious view of the statement of City Police Commissioner that the case will not come in the jurisdiction of the city police , asked the PP whether there is any truth in it .

BC: Rs 25 crore had been allocated for it, he added.
AC: Rs 25 crore had been allocated for it , he added .

BC: There is going to be competition.
AC: There is going to be competition .

BC: There are four hands.
AC: There are four hands .

BC: The film also starred Ranveer Singh in the lead.
AC: The film also starred Ranveer Singh in the lead .

BC: This means that vehicles without Fastag will have to pay twice the amount as toll.
AC: This means that vehicles without Fastag will have to pay twice the amount as toll .

BC: Besides, it is completely washable.
AC: Besides , it is completely washable .

BC: "Will be back soon for campaigning,"" Sushil Modi said in a tweet."
AC: " Will be back soon for campaigning , " " Sushil Modi said in a tweet . "

BC: Whens it going to start?
AC: Whens it going to start ?

BC: This controversy reached the court.
AC: This controversy reached the court .

BC: 1700 crore.
AC: 1700 crore .

BC: I am told, that the State Government is taking public grievances very seriously.
AC: I am told , that the State Government is taking public grievances very seriously .

BC: Application Fee: Rs.
AC: Application Fee : Rs.

BC: Similar scenes were witnessed in other parts of the city.
AC: Similar scenes were witnessed in other parts of the city .

BC: I dont want to speak much about that incident.
AC: I dont want to speak much about that incident .

BC: At the third India-Africa Forum Summit in Delhi, we hope to set substantially higher and ambitious targets for our development partnership.
AC: At the third India-Africa Forum Summit in Delhi , we hope to set substantially higher and ambitious targets for our development partnership .

BC: Several documents have also been seized.
AC: Several documents have also been seized .

BC: Lyrics were written by Dasari Narayana Rao.
AC: Lyrics were written by Dasari Narayana Rao .

BC: The nomination...
AC: The nomination ...

BC: Both the groups levelled allegations against each other.
AC: Both the groups levelled allegations against each other .

BC: Mumbai: Ira Khan, the daughter of Bollywood superstar Aamir Khan, has been exploring new things in her life.
AC: Mumbai : Ira Khan , the daughter of Bollywood superstar Aamir Khan , has been exploring new things in her life .

BC: O that!
AC: O that !

BC: Take medium size potatoes and peel them.
AC: Take medium size potatoes and peel them .

BC: He added that the amount was credited to their bank accounts.
AC: He added that the amount was credited to their bank accounts .

BC: 12,000 approximately.
AC: 12,000 approximately .

BC: The main causes are:
AC: The main causes are :

BC: Babri Masjid demolition: Court to pronounce verdict on Sep 30
AC: Babri Masjid demolition : Court to pronounce verdict on Sep 30

BC: What Do They Do?
AC: What Do They Do ?

BC: The damage had already been done.
AC: The damage had already been done .

BC: Rama Rao took over.
AC: Rama Rao took over .

BC: Prevention is more important than treatment.
AC: Prevention is more important than treatment .

BC: Indeed, Tata Motors Ltd is the largest manufacturer of trucks in India.
AC: Indeed , Tata Motors Ltd is the largest manufacturer of trucks in India .

BC: However, the couple isnt officially separated yet.
AC: However , the couple isnt officially separated yet .

BC: What foods should be avoided?
AC: What foods should be avoided ?

BC: Uddhav Thackeray, NCP chief Sharad Pawar and Congress leader Ahmed Patel were present at the meeting of Congress, NCP and Shiv Sena MLAs.
AC: Uddhav Thackeray , NCP chief Sharad Pawar and Congress leader Ahmed Patel were present at the meeting of Congress , NCP and Shiv Sena MLAs .

BC: However, Rahul won in Wayanad, Kerala.
AC: However , Rahul won in Wayanad , Kerala .

BC: Paul advised those making use of the world [to be] as those not using it to the full. Keith and Bonnie took this to heart.
AC: Paul advised those making use of the world [ to be ] as those not using it to the full . Keith and Bonnie took this to heart .

BC: The vehicles sales in all segments have continued to plummet for the last one year, ACMA President Deepak Jain told reporters here.
AC: The vehicles sales in all segments have continued to plummet for the last one year , ACMA President Deepak Jain told reporters here .

BC: There is a large pond behind the mosque.
AC: There is a large pond behind the mosque .

BC: Prime Minister Narendra Modis Make in India initiative was launched with the expressed aim of making the country a global manufacturing hub.
AC: Prime Minister Narendra Modis Make in India initiative was launched with the expressed aim of making the country a global manufacturing hub .

BC: The sudden decision of Vishal to contest in the RK Nagar by-election was shocking.
AC: The sudden decision of Vishal to contest in the RK Nagar by-election was shocking .

BC: In 2005, plans for a freeway along the US 301 corridor surfaced once again.
AC: In 2005 , plans for a freeway along the US 301 corridor surfaced once again .

BC: Will NPR Lead to NRC?
AC: Will NPR Lead to NRC ?

BC: But not entirely.
AC: But not entirely .

BC: He has reached the final five times at the Australian Open but never won the title.
AC: He has reached the final five times at the Australian Open but never won the title .

BC: Benefits of it:
AC: Benefits of it :

BC: 12:30 p.m.
AC: 12 : 30 p.m.

BC: Mix in potatoes, onion and chopped parsley.
AC: Mix in potatoes , onion and chopped parsley .

BC: What purpose was served by the law found at Genesis 2: 16, 17?
AC: What purpose was served by the law found at Genesis 2 : 16 , 17 ?

BC: Yes, I know such a man whether in the body or apart from the body, I do not know, God knows that he was caught away into paradise and heard unutterable words which it is not lawful for a man to speak.
AC: Yes , I know such a man whether in the body or apart from the body , I do not know , God knows that he was caught away into paradise and heard unutterable words which it is not lawful for a man to speak .

BC: He lost that battle.
AC: He lost that battle .

BC: It is not natural.
AC: It is not natural .

BC: Apply on email.
AC: Apply on email .

BC: The incident took place in Delhi's Noida city
AC: The incident took place in Delhi 's Noida city

BC: It used to be once.
AC: It used to be once .

BC: You just need to follow some simple steps.
AC: You just need to follow some simple steps .

BC: Their lists...
AC: Their lists ...

BC: He made the announcement in the state legislative council.
AC: He made the announcement in the state legislative council .

BC: Social distancing is being adhered to both at township and plant areas.
AC: Social distancing is being adhered to both at township and plant areas .

BC: The police security has been tightened across the entire state.
AC: The police security has been tightened across the entire state .

BC: Masters, give to your servants that which is just and equal, knowing that you also have a Master in heaven.
AC: Masters , give to your servants that which is just and equal , knowing that you also have a Master in heaven .

BC: Jehovah brought plagues on ancient Egypt and then parted the Red Sea so that Moses could lead the ancient Israelites to freedom.
AC: Jehovah brought plagues on ancient Egypt and then parted the Red Sea so that Moses could lead the ancient Israelites to freedom .

BC: MUMBAI: India skipper Virat Kohli and limited-overs deputy Rohit Sharma are undoubtedly one of the best batsmen in world cricket at present.
AC: MUMBAI : India skipper Virat Kohli and limited-overs deputy Rohit Sharma are undoubtedly one of the best batsmen in world cricket at present .

BC: Marathi film Paani produced by Priyanka Chopra wins the Best Feature Film on Environment Conservation Award.
AC: Marathi film Paani produced by Priyanka Chopra wins the Best Feature Film on Environment Conservation Award .

BC: Answers to such queries.
AC: Answers to such queries .

BC: The Prime Minister exhorted the IAS probationers to recall Mahatma Gandhis talisman of keeping in mind the welfare of the poorest of the poor, while taking decisions.
AC: The Prime Minister exhorted the IAS probationers to recall Mahatma Gandhis talisman of keeping in mind the welfare of the poorest of the poor , while taking decisions .

BC: In Britain, pickled onions and pickled eggs are often sold in pubs and fish and chip shops.
AC: In Britain , pickled onions and pickled eggs are often sold in pubs and fish and chip shops .

BC: 30 crore.
AC: 30 crore .

BC: The company has announced that the first 100 customers can get the band at Rs 1,299.
AC: The company has announced that the first 100 customers can get the band at Rs 1,299 .

BC: From 11th century, Telugu people, Telugu language, Telugu religions and similar words came into existence.
AC: From 11th century , Telugu people , Telugu language , Telugu religions and similar words came into existence .

BC: We will be watching.
AC: We will be watching .

BC: Ram Charan promised his fans will have a blast watching this film.
AC: Ram Charan promised his fans will have a blast watching this film .

BC: This fight will continue.
AC: This fight will continue .

BC: Nearly 60 Hon'ble Members of Parliament had participated in this discussion
AC: Nearly 60 Hon 'ble Members of Parliament had participated in this discussion

BC: Who is Rahul Gandhi's political guru?
AC: Who is Rahul Gandhi 's political guru ?

BC: Officials shifted him shifted to Gandhi Hospital.
AC: Officials shifted him shifted to Gandhi Hospital .

BC: She has filed quashing petition in the high court.
AC: She has filed quashing petition in the high court .

BC: The film is directed by S. Shankar and co-produced by Allirajah Subaskaran, K. Karunamoorthy.
AC: The film is directed by S. Shankar and co-produced by Allirajah Subaskaran , K. Karunamoorthy .

BC: Land of Cholas incurs huge losses.
AC: Land of Cholas incurs huge losses .

BC: In this way, a total of Rs.
AC: In this way , a total of Rs.

BC: Complete details are yet to be available on the matter.
AC: Complete details are yet to be available on the matter .

BC: The site has special sections for children and for families as well as a section with news items.
AC: The site has special sections for children and for families as well as a section with news items .

BC: Its a beautiful city.
AC: Its a beautiful city .

BC: The video recording shows that Revanth Reddy spoke several matters with Stephenson.
AC: The video recording shows that Revanth Reddy spoke several matters with Stephenson .

BC: It is made of chicken bone marrow.
AC: It is made of chicken bone marrow .

BC: New Delhi: Bharatiya Janata Party has released the first list of candidates they are fielding in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
AC: New Delhi : Bharatiya Janata Party has released the first list of candidates they are fielding in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections .

BC: Do you get a headache?
AC: Do you get a headache ?

BC: I said the girls.
AC: I said the girls .

BC: As it turned out, our wedding was beautiful.
AC: As it turned out , our wedding was beautiful .

BC: What Makes NTR-Trivikram Film Special?
AC: What Makes NTR-Trivikram Film Special ?

BC: Lawyer Vrinda Grover, who represented Mukesh Singh, told the judge that Tihar officials had flouted the law that requires prison officials to report the receipt of a mercy petition to the court that issues the death warrant.
AC: Lawyer Vrinda Grover , who represented Mukesh Singh , told the judge that Tihar officials had flouted the law that requires prison officials to report the receipt of a mercy petition to the court that issues the death warrant .

BC: But, here the fight is between BJP and Congress.
AC: But , here the fight is between BJP and Congress .

BC: 100 per cent lie.
AC: 100 per cent lie .

BC: $695 billion
AC: $ 695 billion

BC: Being reverent men, they were likely also able to understand the Hebrew services at the temple.
AC: Being reverent men , they were likely also able to understand the Hebrew services at the temple .

BC: The opposite attitude apathy or indifference would indicate a lack of loving concern. Proverbs 17: 17.
AC: The opposite attitude apathy or indifference would indicate a lack of loving concern . Proverbs 17 : 17 .

BC: If its not done, well not accept.
AC: If its not done , well not accept .

BC: For more information visit website.
AC: For more information visit website .

BC: Police tried to disperse the protesters but failed to control them.
AC: Police tried to disperse the protesters but failed to control them .

BC: She shared pictures with this post on Twitter.
AC: She shared pictures with this post on Twitter .

BC: The kids are put to sleep after their lunch.
AC: The kids are put to sleep after their lunch .

BC: 1600 in the Prado in Madrid.
AC: 1600 in the Prado in Madrid .

BC: It isnt a luxurious place.
AC: It isnt a luxurious place .

BC: A politician thinks of the next election, while a statesman thinks of the next generation.
AC: A politician thinks of the next election , while a statesman thinks of the next generation .

BC: All details were presented in the Supreme Court.
AC: All details were presented in the Supreme Court .

BC: The business has been good.
AC: The business has been good .

BC: Arjun is the son of legendary cricketer Sachin Tendulkar.
AC: Arjun is the son of legendary cricketer Sachin Tendulkar .

BC: Sai Srinivas Bellamkonda plays the lead role in the film.
AC: Sai Srinivas Bellamkonda plays the lead role in the film .

BC: India: Harmanpreet Kaur (captain), Tanya Bhatia, Ekta Bisht, Dayalan Hemalatha, Mansi Joshi, Veda Krishnamurthy, Smriti Mandhana, Anuja Patil, Mithali Raj, Arundathi Reddy, Jemimah Rodrigues, Deepti Sharma, Pooja Vastrakar, Radha Yadav, Poonam Yadav
AC: India : Harmanpreet Kaur ( captain ) , Tanya Bhatia , Ekta Bisht , Dayalan Hemalatha , Mansi Joshi , Veda Krishnamurthy , Smriti Mandhana , Anuja Patil , Mithali Raj , Arundathi Reddy , Jemimah Rodrigues , Deepti Sharma , Pooja Vastrakar , Radha Yadav , Poonam Yadav

BC: Theres no other event like this one!
AC: Theres no other event like this one !

BC: I will try to add up more in future.
AC: I will try to add up more in future .

BC: It has been interesting.
AC: It has been interesting .

BC: This disappointed fans.
AC: This disappointed fans .

BC: In the last two days, Chennai has recorded 1,420 coronavirus cases
AC: In the last two days , Chennai has recorded 1,420 coronavirus cases

BC: Braking duties are handled by twin 320mm disc brakes at the front, and a single 245mm one at the rear
AC: Braking duties are handled by twin 320mm disc brakes at the front , and a single 245mm one at the rear

BC: The police arrested protesters at several places.
AC: The police arrested protesters at several places .

BC: Pawan Kalyan announced that his Jana Sena Party would contest all 175 seats in the coming elections.
AC: Pawan Kalyan announced that his Jana Sena Party would contest all 175 seats in the coming elections .

BC: The resolution has been signed by Congress, NCP, TDP, RJD, AAP, SP, BSP, DMK, CPI and CPM and the AIADMK.
AC: The resolution has been signed by Congress , NCP , TDP , RJD , AAP , SP , BSP , DMK , CPI and CPM and the AIADMK .

BC: Following the complaint from her parents, a case has been registered and investigation is on.
AC: Following the complaint from her parents , a case has been registered and investigation is on .

BC: Everyone knew that god made us.
AC: Everyone knew that god made us .

BC: Its difficult to adjust to.
AC: Its difficult to adjust to .

BC: Mix with water.
AC: Mix with water .

BC: Alia Bhatt has reacted to the rumours of her wedding with Ranbir Kapoor once again.
AC: Alia Bhatt has reacted to the rumours of her wedding with Ranbir Kapoor once again .

BC: How do you understand this?
AC: How do you understand this ?

BC: She shared the picture on her Instagram account.
AC: She shared the picture on her Instagram account .

BC: Like mother like son!
AC: Like mother like son !

BC: Allu Arjun's actioner 'Ala Vaikunthapurramuloo' is directed by Trivikram Srinivas.
AC: Allu Arjun 's actioner ' Ala Vaikunthapurramuloo ' is directed by Trivikram Srinivas .

BC: Youre not competing with anyone.
AC: Youre not competing with anyone .

BC: The film industry is upset.
AC: The film industry is upset .

BC: Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan
AC: Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor Khan 's son Taimur Ali Khan

BC: But in some cases it did.
AC: But in some cases it did .

BC: The CBI is also probing the case.
AC: The CBI is also probing the case .

BC: Qualification: Post Graduate Degree, B.Ed
AC: Qualification : Post Graduate Degree , B.Ed

BC: It's real life.
AC: It 's real life .

BC: Nandamuri Balakrishna and Boyapati Srinu are working together for an upcoming film titled #BB3.
AC: Nandamuri Balakrishna and Boyapati Srinu are working together for an upcoming film titled # BB3 .

BC: They always co-exist.
AC: They always co-exist .

BC: The police has registered a case and efforts were on to trace the boy.
AC: The police has registered a case and efforts were on to trace the boy .

BC: Voting is underway across 95 constituencies in 11 states and one Union Territory.
AC: Voting is underway across 95 constituencies in 11 states and one Union Territory .

BC: Indrakaran Reddy, Talasani Srinivas Yadav, G Jagadish Reddy and Etela Rajender, who were part of the cabinet in Rao's previous term, returned as ministers.
AC: Indrakaran Reddy , Talasani Srinivas Yadav , G Jagadish Reddy and Etela Rajender , who were part of the cabinet in Rao 's previous term , returned as ministers .

BC: This can lead to pain and inflammation.
AC: This can lead to pain and inflammation .

BC: """ he says."
AC: " " " he says . "

BC: He struck his adversaries backward. He put them to a perpetual reproach.
AC: He struck his adversaries backward . He put them to a perpetual reproach .

BC: This was the India-Pakistan war.
AC: This was the India-Pakistan war .

BC: He is like a teacher.
AC: He is like a teacher .

BC: But he didn't
AC: But he didn 't

BC: Cinema halls, pubs, membership clubs and bars will also remain closed from tonight.
AC: Cinema halls , pubs , membership clubs and bars will also remain closed from tonight .

BC: Sushant's death has left his fans as well as his family heartbroken.
AC: Sushant 's death has left his fans as well as his family heartbroken .

BC: India had scored 189 in first innings after opting to bat.
AC: India had scored 189 in first innings after opting to bat .

BC: Keep the legs straight.
AC: Keep the legs straight .

BC: Two other labourers were seriously injured.
AC: Two other labourers were seriously injured .

BC: Sivaranjani (Telugu: ) is 1978 Telugu drama film written and directed by Dasari Narayana Rao.
AC: Sivaranjani ( Telugu : ) is 1978 Telugu drama film written and directed by Dasari Narayana Rao .

BC: This led to minor tension in the area.
AC: This led to minor tension in the area .

BC: He was passionate about mathematics from a very young age.
AC: He was passionate about mathematics from a very young age .

BC: The film is directed by Kishore Tirumala and also stars Kalyani Priyadarshan and Nivetha Pethuraj in lead roles.
AC: The film is directed by Kishore Tirumala and also stars Kalyani Priyadarshan and Nivetha Pethuraj in lead roles .

BC: There will be CCTV cameras at every examination centres.
AC: There will be CCTV cameras at every examination centres .

BC: More than 60% of the foreign visitors in 2007 were from other EU countries.
AC: More than 60 % of the foreign visitors in 2007 were from other EU countries .

BC: He was an active handballer in Brnderslev IF.
AC: He was an active handballer in Brnderslev IF .

BC: What exactly is the plan?
AC: What exactly is the plan ?

BC: Why do you weep?
AC: Why do you weep ?

BC: What just happened?
AC: What just happened ?

BC: But they are not eligible for any relief.
AC: But they are not eligible for any relief .

BC: The film has been shot in Sri Lanka, Chennai, Mumbai, Hyderabad and Goa.
AC: The film has been shot in Sri Lanka , Chennai , Mumbai , Hyderabad and Goa .

BC: Both are virtually the same.
AC: Both are virtually the same .

BC: That very night, Gods angel passed over the houses marked in this way but killed the firstborn sons in the homes of all the Egyptians.
AC: That very night , Gods angel passed over the houses marked in this way but killed the firstborn sons in the homes of all the Egyptians .

BC: The government has taken several unjust decisions.
AC: The government has taken several unjust decisions .

BC: Two in fact!
AC: Two in fact !

BC: Who started?
AC: Who started ?

BC: Chandrababu told Modi that Andhra Pradesh suffered huge losses due to bifurcation of the state as it had to face financial problems.
AC: Chandrababu told Modi that Andhra Pradesh suffered huge losses due to bifurcation of the state as it had to face financial problems .

BC: Many rumours and fake news are surfacing.
AC: Many rumours and fake news are surfacing .

BC: Thats why I wanted to tell this story.
AC: Thats why I wanted to tell this story .

BC: CM Relief Fund: Rs.
AC: CM Relief Fund : Rs.

BC: The film industry is very vulnerable.
AC: The film industry is very vulnerable .

BC: I made a special notebook of points from talks and articles that would help me to bear up and carry on.
AC: I made a special notebook of points from talks and articles that would help me to bear up and carry on .

BC: It doesnt even have to be only Tollywood.
AC: It doesnt even have to be only Tollywood .

BC: They sought free re-verification for all the students.
AC: They sought free re-verification for all the students .

BC: Everyone gasped.
AC: Everyone gasped .

BC: But I dont mind all of that.
AC: But I dont mind all of that .

BC: He was bought for INR 14 crores.
AC: He was bought for INR 14 crores .

BC: World Famous Lover: The Kranthi Madhav directed film stars Vijay Deverakonda, Rashi Khanna, Catherine Tresa, Aishwarya Rajesh and Izabelle Leite
AC: World Famous Lover : The Kranthi Madhav directed film stars Vijay Deverakonda , Rashi Khanna , Catherine Tresa , Aishwarya Rajesh and Izabelle Leite

BC: It is a legal crime.
AC: It is a legal crime .

BC: Indian captain Virat Kohli with Australian cricketer Steve Smith.
AC: Indian captain Virat Kohli with Australian cricketer Steve Smith .

BC: According to Google, YouTube has more than 20 million subscribers across its Premium (ad-free YouTube) and Music Premium offerings, as well as more than 2 million subscribers to its paid TV service.
AC: According to Google , YouTube has more than 20 million subscribers across its Premium ( ad-free YouTube ) and Music Premium offerings , as well as more than 2 million subscribers to its paid TV service .

BC: He was later killed.
AC: He was later killed .

BC: Everything that belongs to it.
AC: Everything that belongs to it .

BC: How did you start baking?
AC: How did you start baking ?

BC: An enquiry is also being conducted into the incident.
AC: An enquiry is also being conducted into the incident .

BC: On the other hand, people who have paid Rs.
AC: On the other hand , people who have paid Rs.

BC: Previously GVK EMRI has been operating the 108 ambulances in Madhya Pradesh.
AC: Previously GVK EMRI has been operating the 108 ambulances in Madhya Pradesh .

BC: It will put a financial burden on the students.
AC: It will put a financial burden on the students .

BC: 50 lakh can be deployed.
AC: 50 lakh can be deployed .

BC: His statement comes days after the Central government annulled Article 370 of the Constitution which gave special status to the erstwhile state of Jammu and Kashmir.
AC: His statement comes days after the Central government annulled Article 370 of the Constitution which gave special status to the erstwhile state of Jammu and Kashmir .

BC: The Chennai city police have closed the borders with Tiruvallur, Kancheepuram and Chengalpattu.
AC: The Chennai city police have closed the borders with Tiruvallur , Kancheepuram and Chengalpattu .

BC: His action - packed historical accounts cover some 330 years and include the exploits of Israels Judges.
AC: His action - packed historical accounts cover some 330 years and include the exploits of Israels Judges .

BC: Kranthi Kumar who had a good taste as a producer gave some good films like Sarada,Jyothi,Kalpana.
AC: Kranthi Kumar who had a good taste as a producer gave some good films like Sarada , Jyothi , Kalpana .

BC: Lack of living space resulting in difficulty in practicing physical distancing, use of common toilet facilities are said to be the main reasons for high spread of infection.
AC: Lack of living space resulting in difficulty in practicing physical distancing , use of common toilet facilities are said to be the main reasons for high spread of infection .

BC: And you will find 5-50 among those who would clap very often to impress the political leaders.
AC: And you will find 5-50 among those who would clap very often to impress the political leaders .

BC: Why should you do it?
AC: Why should you do it ?

BC: However, 430 posts are being filled as there are only 6,407 at present
AC: However , 430 posts are being filled as there are only 6,407 at present

BC: The Bible states: They came gradually as far as the threshing floor of Nacon, and Uzzah now thrust his hand out to the ark of the true God and grabbed hold of it, for the cattle nearly caused an upset.
AC: The Bible states : They came gradually as far as the threshing floor of Nacon , and Uzzah now thrust his hand out to the ark of the true God and grabbed hold of it , for the cattle nearly caused an upset .

BC: Be polite to the people around you.
AC: Be polite to the people around you .

BC: Could you invite them to accompany you in the ministry?
AC: Could you invite them to accompany you in the ministry ?

BC: The film will be produced by Priyanka Dutt.
AC: The film will be produced by Priyanka Dutt .

BC: You can do this in a number of ways:
AC: You can do this in a number of ways :

BC: However, a petition was filed against that in High Court.
AC: However , a petition was filed against that in High Court .

BC: We dont need to worry.
AC: We dont need to worry .

BC: She had an unsavory reputation, being a sinner of some note, so that Jesus said he knew of her sins, many though they [were]. Luke 7: 47.
AC: She had an unsavory reputation , being a sinner of some note , so that Jesus said he knew of her sins , many though they [ were ] . Luke 7 : 47 .

BC: Growing among them are countless ferns, mosses, vines, shrubs, and herbs.
AC: Growing among them are countless ferns , mosses , vines , shrubs , and herbs .

BC: The exercise has started.
AC: The exercise has started .

BC: She makes fun of him.
AC: She makes fun of him .

BC: He was a founder of the University of Melbourne Medical School in 1858.
AC: He was a founder of the University of Melbourne Medical School in 1858 .

BC: Its very special to me.
AC: Its very special to me .

BC: Shirdi, District Ahmednagar
AC: Shirdi , District Ahmednagar

BC: Make decisions Gods way.
AC: Make decisions Gods way .

BC: Real estate sector is doing well in Hyderabad.
AC: Real estate sector is doing well in Hyderabad .

BC: The film will release soon.
AC: The film will release soon .

BC: Rahul Gandhi knows this too.
AC: Rahul Gandhi knows this too .

BC: This film will surely become a big success.
AC: This film will surely become a big success .

BC: There is widespread criticism.
AC: There is widespread criticism .

BC: The film has music by Bollywood composer duo Vishal-Shekhar.
AC: The film has music by Bollywood composer duo Vishal-Shekhar .

BC: """We adapt to the conditions and we just go out and play"
AC: " " " We adapt to the conditions and we just go out and play "

BC: Here are the details of the interview.
AC: Here are the details of the interview .

BC: Several other dolphin species, such as harbour porpoises, appear less frequently while larger whales such as bowhead, humpback and rorquals, northern bottlenose, orcas have been considered as rare visitors to the waters while actual frequency of occurrences within White Sea basin is not specified.
AC: Several other dolphin species , such as harbour porpoises , appear less frequently while larger whales such as bowhead , humpback and rorquals , northern bottlenose , orcas have been considered as rare visitors to the waters while actual frequency of occurrences within White Sea basin is not specified .

BC: Governor Biswabhushan Harichandan administered the oath of new ministers.
AC: Governor Biswabhushan Harichandan administered the oath of new ministers .

BC: The film was a hit in Tamil.
AC: The film was a hit in Tamil .

BC: I know the street.
AC: I know the street .

BC: He has also acted in several Kannada and Telugu films both as an actor and a dancer.
AC: He has also acted in several Kannada and Telugu films both as an actor and a dancer .

BC: I was a bit nervous at the start.
AC: I was a bit nervous at the start .

BC: A double bedroom flat.
AC: A double bedroom flat .

BC: We want transparency in sports.
AC: We want transparency in sports .

BC: Very considerate.
AC: Very considerate .

BC: How do you know this?
AC: How do you know this ?

BC: So dont go to hospital.
AC: So dont go to hospital .

BC: They greeted each other by hugging.
AC: They greeted each other by hugging .

BC: The woman filed a complaint of sexual harassment.
AC: The woman filed a complaint of sexual harassment .

BC: Must read!
AC: Must read !

BC: Your tasks will get completed with ease.
AC: Your tasks will get completed with ease .

BC: He has decided to walk out of the film.
AC: He has decided to walk out of the film .

BC: He can make these himself.
AC: He can make these himself .

BC: 823 crore.
AC: 823 crore .

BC: This is what China is doing.
AC: This is what China is doing .

BC: Or is it undervalued?
AC: Or is it undervalued ?

BC: People are gathering around and chatting.
AC: People are gathering around and chatting .

BC: salt and sugar.
AC: salt and sugar .

BC: However, all Covid-19 protocols will have to be strictly followed.
AC: However , all Covid-19 protocols will have to be strictly followed .

BC: They saw the wonderful light of truth and made the transition from spiritual darkness to illuminating light.
AC: They saw the wonderful light of truth and made the transition from spiritual darkness to illuminating light .

BC: With the obstruction in the construction of the road, people are facing difficulties.
AC: With the obstruction in the construction of the road , people are facing difficulties .

BC: He likes acting and dancing.
AC: He likes acting and dancing .

BC: Not thana.
AC: Not thana .

BC: The High Court has adjourned the hearing on the petition.
AC: The High Court has adjourned the hearing on the petition .

BC: Of these, the earliest is the Awadhi language Padmavat (1540 CE) of the Sufi composer Malik Muhammad Jayasi, likely composed originally in the Persian script.
AC: Of these , the earliest is the Awadhi language Padmavat ( 1540 CE ) of the Sufi composer Malik Muhammad Jayasi , likely composed originally in the Persian script .

BC: first prize.
AC: first prize .

BC: Difficult question!
AC: Difficult question !

BC: Climate change is a challenge for each one of us.
AC: Climate change is a challenge for each one of us .

BC: Its a trend.
AC: Its a trend .

BC: Don't worry!
AC: Don 't worry !

BC: As a result, Jehovah struck him with leprosy, and he died in Gods disfavor. 2 Chronicles 26: 16 - 21.
AC: As a result , Jehovah struck him with leprosy , and he died in Gods disfavor . 2 Chronicles 26 : 16 - 21 .

BC: Prostitute house will be born.
AC: Prostitute house will be born .

BC: One person was seriously injured.
AC: One person was seriously injured .

BC: He said, We look forward to getting more information from them about the situation.
AC: He said , We look forward to getting more information from them about the situation .

BC: He took 46 balls to open his account.
AC: He took 46 balls to open his account .

BC: But is it just that?
AC: But is it just that ?

BC: The two village guards were murdered on allegations of being police informers.
AC: The two village guards were murdered on allegations of being police informers .

BC: Former MLC Arikela Narsa Reddy, party leader and businessman K. Narender Reddy, Armoor former municipal chairman Kanchetti Gangadhar and many other leaders have also joined the TRS.
AC: Former MLC Arikela Narsa Reddy , party leader and businessman K. Narender Reddy , Armoor former municipal chairman Kanchetti Gangadhar and many other leaders have also joined the TRS .

BC: Do our lives change?
AC: Do our lives change ?

BC: It is not desirable either.
AC: It is not desirable either .

BC: Nobody can say that.
AC: Nobody can say that .

BC: Whats the price?
AC: Whats the price ?

BC: But, their hopes were belied.
AC: But , their hopes were belied .

BC: This will not save the visible layers.
AC: This will not save the visible layers .

BC: Not in this one.
AC: Not in this one .

BC: The BJP is giving a tough fight to the ruling Trinamool Congress in West Bengal.
AC: The BJP is giving a tough fight to the ruling Trinamool Congress in West Bengal .

BC: And he blessed him, and said, Blessed be Abram of the most high God, possessor of heaven and earth:
AC: And he blessed him , and said , Blessed be Abram of the most high God , possessor of heaven and earth :

BC: Let your name be magnified forever, saying, 'Yahweh of Armies is God over Israel. and the house of your servant David shall be established before you.'
AC: Let your name be magnified forever , saying , ' Yahweh of Armies is God over Israel. and the house of your servant David shall be established before you . '

BC: I was in Hyderabad.
AC: I was in Hyderabad .

BC: There are many more.
AC: There are many more .

BC: The film will release in Telugu and will be dubbed in Malayalam, Tamil, Hindi, Kannada languages.
AC: The film will release in Telugu and will be dubbed in Malayalam , Tamil , Hindi , Kannada languages .

BC: The government has said immediate action will be taken.
AC: The government has said immediate action will be taken .

BC: Watch carefully.
AC: Watch carefully .

BC: Thats why.
AC: Thats why .

BC: When heated it smells of garlic, which gives it the name.
AC: When heated it smells of garlic , which gives it the name .

BC: """Listen to me, house of Jacob, and all the remnant of the house of Israel, that have been borne from their birth, that have been carried from the womb."
AC: " " " Listen to me , house of Jacob , and all the remnant of the house of Israel , that have been borne from their birth , that have been carried from the womb . "

BC: Written and directed by L Suresh, the movie has Jai, Catherine Tresa, Varalaxmi and Rai Laxmi in key roles.
AC: Written and directed by L Suresh , the movie has Jai , Catherine Tresa , Varalaxmi and Rai Laxmi in key roles .

BC: Further help resulted from close association with those who were already Jehovahs Witnesses, working hard to do Gods will.
AC: Further help resulted from close association with those who were already Jehovahs Witnesses , working hard to do Gods will .

BC: But so far there has been no success.
AC: But so far there has been no success .

BC: Who will shift the date?
AC: Who will shift the date ?

BC: That courage.
AC: That courage .

BC: He later committed suicide.
AC: He later committed suicide .

BC: You ah will do it in terms of a process, which is carried out in a paint shop, related to waxing of the ah the doors.
AC: You ah will do it in terms of a process , which is carried out in a paint shop , related to waxing of the ah the doors .

BC: In Thailand.
AC: In Thailand .

BC: Let us maintain a healthy lifestyle.
AC: Let us maintain a healthy lifestyle .

BC: They took a 1-0 lead in the series.
AC: They took a 1-0 lead in the series .

BC: Durga is the main Idol in this Devi Temple.
AC: Durga is the main Idol in this Devi Temple .

BC: The game began at a slow pace.
AC: The game began at a slow pace .

BC: We dont know exactly.
AC: We dont know exactly .

BC: (TPG/Acquirer) of 8% (approx.) of the equity shareholding of API Holdings Private Limited (API/Target) under Section 31(1) of the Competition Act, 2002, yesterday.
AC: ( TPG / Acquirer ) of 8 % ( approx . ) of the equity shareholding of API Holdings Private Limited ( API / Target ) under Section 31 ( 1 ) of the Competition Act , 2002 , yesterday .

BC: For what reasons does Jehovah allow persecution to come upon his servants?
AC: For what reasons does Jehovah allow persecution to come upon his servants ?

BC: It doesnt matter if its slow or runs at a pace.
AC: It doesnt matter if its slow or runs at a pace .

BC: Ill be leaving soon.
AC: Ill be leaving soon .

BC: There are many variations of it.
AC: There are many variations of it .

BC: Union ministers Radha Mohan Singh, Harsh Vardhan and Maneka Gandhi, Samajwadi Party chief AkhileshYadav and Congress leaders Digvijay Singh, JyotiradityaScindia and Sheila Dikshit as also celebrity contestants GautamGambhir, Vijender Singh, Dinesh LalYadav Nirahua, Ravi Kishan and Hans Raj Hans were among several prominent faces in the fray.
AC: Union ministers Radha Mohan Singh , Harsh Vardhan and Maneka Gandhi , Samajwadi Party chief AkhileshYadav and Congress leaders Digvijay Singh , JyotiradityaScindia and Sheila Dikshit as also celebrity contestants GautamGambhir , Vijender Singh , Dinesh LalYadav Nirahua , Ravi Kishan and Hans Raj Hans were among several prominent faces in the fray .

BC: His bowling was outstanding.
AC: His bowling was outstanding .

BC: Summer is coming.
AC: Summer is coming .

BC: Controversial director Ram Gopal Varma directed it.
AC: Controversial director Ram Gopal Varma directed it .

BC: Look at this one!
AC: Look at this one !

BC: Two lakes by this name.
AC: Two lakes by this name .

BC: At this point A the velocity equal 16 meters per second, and the angular velocity omega is 0. these are the initial conditions at t i equals 0. At some other instant t, let say omega is the angular velocity and V is the final velocity.
AC: At this point A the velocity equal 16 meters per second , and the angular velocity omega is 0. these are the initial conditions at t i equals 0 . At some other instant t , let say omega is the angular velocity and V is the final velocity .

BC: Mumbai University removed Rohinton Mistry's novel 'Such a Long Journey' from its syllabi.
AC: Mumbai University removed Rohinton Mistry 's novel ' Such a Long Journey ' from its syllabi .

BC: The new 'Kadak' version of the CT100 commuter motorcycle now comes with a host of features and equipment, which makes it an attractive offering in the segment
AC: The new ' Kadak ' version of the CT100 commuter motorcycle now comes with a host of features and equipment , which makes it an attractive offering in the segment

BC: The film is expected to hit in over 10 different languages.
AC: The film is expected to hit in over 10 different languages .

BC: Here are its main features:
AC: Here are its main features :

BC: Moreover, six states (Maharashtra, Delhi, Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal) account for 86 of total deaths, and 32 districts account for 80 deaths.
AC: Moreover , six states ( Maharashtra , Delhi , Gujarat , Tamil Nadu , Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal ) account for 86 of total deaths , and 32 districts account for 80 deaths .

BC: IT and Industries Minister, KT Rama Rao.
AC: IT and Industries Minister , KT Rama Rao .

BC: Wait on Jehovah The third lesson is that instead of using unscriptural means to change our circumstances, we should wait on Jehovah.
AC: Wait on Jehovah The third lesson is that instead of using unscriptural means to change our circumstances , we should wait on Jehovah .

BC: Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan.
AC: Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan .

BC: The Supreme Court refused to answer the reference.
AC: The Supreme Court refused to answer the reference .

BC: He has been arrested and is being interrogated.
AC: He has been arrested and is being interrogated .

BC: The Congress criticised the Nitish Kumar government for the incident.
AC: The Congress criticised the Nitish Kumar government for the incident .

BC: The woman was puzzled.
AC: The woman was puzzled .

BC: He made no effort to escape.
AC: He made no effort to escape .

BC: US President Donald Trump faces impeachment.
AC: US President Donald Trump faces impeachment .

BC: Answer: Wrong.
AC: Answer : Wrong .

BC: The aim is to enhance the length of National Highways in the country to 2 lakh kms.
AC: The aim is to enhance the length of National Highways in the country to 2 lakh kms .

BC: About 40% of mothers who breastfeed do so for less than three months.
AC: About 40 % of mothers who breastfeed do so for less than three months .

BC: KL Rahul and Hardik Pandya appeared on Koffee with Karan.
AC: KL Rahul and Hardik Pandya appeared on Koffee with Karan .

BC: The rain grew into a downpour.
AC: The rain grew into a downpour .

BC: I am cooking in the kitchen.
AC: I am cooking in the kitchen .

BC: During the Industrial Revolution in Europe, demand for alkaline substances increased.
AC: During the Industrial Revolution in Europe , demand for alkaline substances increased .

BC: India team captain Virat Kohli.
AC: India team captain Virat Kohli .

BC: Earlier, the temperature dipped to 13.7 degree Celsius on November 7, 2013
AC: Earlier , the temperature dipped to 13.7 degree Celsius on November 7 , 2013

BC: Rinse off in the morning.
AC: Rinse off in the morning .

BC: The Sensex ended the day with a staggering loss of 447 points, while the Nifty dipped 157 points in trade.
AC: The Sensex ended the day with a staggering loss of 447 points , while the Nifty dipped 157 points in trade .

BC: In Pakistan, the President is considered as a symbol of the federation and head of the state and exercises all powers on the recommendations of the Prime Minister.
AC: In Pakistan , the President is considered as a symbol of the federation and head of the state and exercises all powers on the recommendations of the Prime Minister .

BC: Modi, Amit Shah in talks ahead of swearing-in
AC: Modi , Amit Shah in talks ahead of swearing-in

BC: The injured persons were shifted to the government area hospital in Nizamabad.
AC: The injured persons were shifted to the government area hospital in Nizamabad .

BC: The film has been gaining good reviews from audiences & critics.
AC: The film has been gaining good reviews from audiences & critics .

BC: Our country is ours.
AC: Our country is ours .

BC: Kohlis delighted!
AC: Kohlis delighted !

BC: It has low calories.
AC: It has low calories .

BC: earth, water, wind, fire and sky.
AC: earth , water , wind , fire and sky .

BC: Her health has improved.
AC: Her health has improved .

BC: The Ministry is constantly reviewing and monitoring situation. YB
AC: The Ministry is constantly reviewing and monitoring situation . YB

BC: You cant sue for that.
AC: You cant sue for that .

BC: "The court also directed the Centre to allot an alternative 5-acre plot to the Sunni Waqf Board for building a new mosque at a ""prominent"" place in the holy town in Uttar Pradesh."
AC: " The court also directed the Centre to allot an alternative 5-acre plot to the Sunni Waqf Board for building a new mosque at a " " prominent " " place in the holy town in Uttar Pradesh . "

BC: The districts are spread across eight states.
AC: The districts are spread across eight states .

BC: He then attacked her with a sickle.
AC: He then attacked her with a sickle .

BC: Indian Railways Production unit Rail Coach Factory(RCF) Kapurthala has reopened its production process on 23.04.2020 after 28 days nationwide lockdown
AC: Indian Railways Production unit Rail Coach Factory ( RCF ) Kapurthala has reopened its production process on 23.04.2020 after 28 days nationwide lockdown

BC: The HD feed was launched on April 4, 2014.
AC: The HD feed was launched on April 4 , 2014 .

BC: This results in wrinkles and sagging skin.
AC: This results in wrinkles and sagging skin .

BC: My husband has already passed away.
AC: My husband has already passed away .

BC: He recently played for Trinbago Knight Riders in the Caribbean Premier League.
AC: He recently played for Trinbago Knight Riders in the Caribbean Premier League .

BC: Healthcare expenditures comprise only 0.6% of private health insurance and public spending.
AC: Healthcare expenditures comprise only 0.6 % of private health insurance and public spending .

BC: Three of the daughters had been married.
AC: Three of the daughters had been married .

BC: Earlier during the NDA meeting, Narendra Modi was elected as the leader of the NDA.
AC: Earlier during the NDA meeting , Narendra Modi was elected as the leader of the NDA .

BC: Election Commission of India announced that Voter-verified paper audit trail (VVPAT) machines will be used in all 32,574 polling stations in the assembly elections in Telangana.
AC: Election Commission of India announced that Voter-verified paper audit trail ( VVPAT ) machines will be used in all 32,574 polling stations in the assembly elections in Telangana .

BC: Don't invite unnecessary trouble.
AC: Don 't invite unnecessary trouble .

BC: But that was all he could do.
AC: But that was all he could do .

BC: That name.
AC: That name .

BC: This tradition has been continuing since.
AC: This tradition has been continuing since .

BC: Then, you can go back.
AC: Then , you can go back .

BC: The BJP won the elections in State Assembly, Lok Sabha elections, municipality elections and Panchayat elections.
AC: The BJP won the elections in State Assembly , Lok Sabha elections , municipality elections and Panchayat elections .

BC: After the lunch, the yatra will commence again and by 4.30 PM, YS Jagan will reach Mutyalapadu
AC: After the lunch , the yatra will commence again and by 4.30 PM , YS Jagan will reach Mutyalapadu

BC: Facebook, Twitter and YouTube
AC: Facebook , Twitter and YouTube

BC: Many of the western researchers came to India to do their research on diseases like tuberculosis, leprosy and sexually transmitted disease, he recalled.
AC: Many of the western researchers came to India to do their research on diseases like tuberculosis , leprosy and sexually transmitted disease , he recalled .

BC: "He took to Twitter and said: ""Thank You Delhi for standing up to protect the soul of India""."
AC: " He took to Twitter and said : " " Thank You Delhi for standing up to protect the soul of India " . " "

BC: The terrorists opened fire at security personnel.
AC: The terrorists opened fire at security personnel .

BC: Also, a processing fee of Rs.
AC: Also , a processing fee of Rs.

BC: But not for long!
AC: But not for long !

BC: The phone has a 6GB RAM and a storage of 64 GB.
AC: The phone has a 6GB RAM and a storage of 64 GB .

BC: Mohanlal plays the lead in the movie.
AC: Mohanlal plays the lead in the movie .

BC: Taxis and buses are available.
AC: Taxis and buses are available .

BC: I couldn't have done anything else.
AC: I couldn 't have done anything else .

BC: Mytri Movie Makers are producing this film.
AC: Mytri Movie Makers are producing this film .

BC: The WR-V is expected to be launched in India on March 16, 2017
AC: The WR-V is expected to be launched in India on March 16 , 2017

BC: A total 64 files are with us.
AC: A total 64 files are with us .

BC: We have not yet decided if we will sell the properties.
AC: We have not yet decided if we will sell the properties .

BC: Their services need to be regulated.
AC: Their services need to be regulated .

BC: You dont have the right to.
AC: You dont have the right to .

BC: Vehicles of police officers were burnt.
AC: Vehicles of police officers were burnt .

BC: Add oil and combine it.
AC: Add oil and combine it .

BC: Why do they think so?
AC: Why do they think so ?

BC: All eyes will be on you.
AC: All eyes will be on you .

BC: And they came to Balaam, and said to him, Thus saith Balak the son of Zippor, Let nothing, I pray thee, hinder thee from coming unto me:
AC: And they came to Balaam , and said to him , Thus saith Balak the son of Zippor , Let nothing , I pray thee , hinder thee from coming unto me :

BC: This would increase employment opportunities.
AC: This would increase employment opportunities .

BC: During the examination, it was found that the girl is pregnant.
AC: During the examination , it was found that the girl is pregnant .

BC: Three people died at the scene while one died at a hospital.
AC: Three people died at the scene while one died at a hospital .

BC: Simultaneously, flights will be launched on Kadapa Hyderabad and the Nanded-Hyderabad sectors.
AC: Simultaneously , flights will be launched on Kadapa Hyderabad and the Nanded-Hyderabad sectors .

BC: Reduces abdominal fat.
AC: Reduces abdominal fat .

BC: spread love..
AC: spread love ..

BC: Over 10 ambulances have been deployed to take the injured to hospital.
AC: Over 10 ambulances have been deployed to take the injured to hospital .

BC: Diversification, consolidation in the current areas of strength,and exploration of new markets is the Mantra for success
AC: Diversification , consolidation in the current areas of strength , and exploration of new markets is the Mantra for success

BC: She stopped reading.
AC: She stopped reading .

BC: I am so upset.
AC: I am so upset .

BC: More than 90 IS sympathisers had been arrested due to better coordination between state and central security agencies, Singh said.
AC: More than 90 IS sympathisers had been arrested due to better coordination between state and central security agencies , Singh said .

BC: What is this matter?
AC: What is this matter ?

BC: The film features Katrina Kaif and Disha Patani in key roles.
AC: The film features Katrina Kaif and Disha Patani in key roles .

BC: As a result of this, the BJP emerged as the largest party.
AC: As a result of this , the BJP emerged as the largest party .

BC: Each house has its own style.
AC: Each house has its own style .

BC: This postponed the election for some time.
AC: This postponed the election for some time .

BC: """We need someone that fits in with us and makes us better."""
AC: " " " We need someone that fits in with us and makes us better . " " "

BC: Heres the answer.
AC: Heres the answer .

BC: The women participated in large numbers.
AC: The women participated in large numbers .

BC: 18, 19. (a) How can the members of your congregation help you to remain neutral?
AC: 18 , 19 . ( a ) How can the members of your congregation help you to remain neutral ?

BC: Asha died while receiving treatment.
AC: Asha died while receiving treatment .

BC: The punishment was swift.
AC: The punishment was swift .

BC: The bodies were burnt beyond recognition.
AC: The bodies were burnt beyond recognition .

BC: She doesnt care about anyone else.
AC: She doesnt care about anyone else .

BC: How do you see this film?
AC: How do you see this film ?

BC: Over 18. no runs.
AC: Over 18. no runs .

BC: This is an amazing feeling.
AC: This is an amazing feeling .

BC: 4 crore will also be built.
AC: 4 crore will also be built .

BC: You can never win.
AC: You can never win .

BC: Answer: No.
AC: Answer : No .

BC: Financial issues.
AC: Financial issues .

BC: Another Witness accompanied me so that he could take my car away before they could lay claim to it.
AC: Another Witness accompanied me so that he could take my car away before they could lay claim to it .

BC: The movie is being produced by Sravanti Ravi Kishore and Mani Sharma is composing music for the film.
AC: The movie is being produced by Sravanti Ravi Kishore and Mani Sharma is composing music for the film .

BC: The mother is dead.
AC: The mother is dead .

BC: Whos this??
AC: Whos this ? ?

BC: The bodies were shifted to hospital for postmortem.
AC: The bodies were shifted to hospital for postmortem .

BC: Everyone was called.
AC: Everyone was called .

BC: Ganguly convinces Bangladesh for India's first ever Day-Night Test
AC: Ganguly convinces Bangladesh for India 's first ever Day-Night Test

BC: Along with this, Rs.
AC: Along with this , Rs.

BC: Only 24,821 people cited Sanskrit as their mother tongue.
AC: Only 24,821 people cited Sanskrit as their mother tongue .

BC: So well look at that.
AC: So well look at that .

BC: Clear the clutter:
AC: Clear the clutter :

BC: Rs 11 lakh.
AC: Rs 11 lakh .

BC: The inaugural session was attended by Dr.Kshatrapati Shivaji, Secretary, DARPG and DPPW, Government of India, Shri V.Srinivas, Additional Secretary, DARPG and Director General, National Centre for Good Governance, Ms Devyani Khobragade, JS, Ministry of External Affairs and other senior officials from Government of India.
AC: The inaugural session was attended by Dr.Kshatrapati Shivaji , Secretary , DARPG and DPPW , Government of India , Shri V.Srinivas , Additional Secretary , DARPG and Director General , National Centre for Good Governance , Ms Devyani Khobragade , JS , Ministry of External Affairs and other senior officials from Government of India .

BC: Pawan Kalyan is also going to feature in an upcoming movie directed by Harish Shankar.
AC: Pawan Kalyan is also going to feature in an upcoming movie directed by Harish Shankar .

BC: Speaking on the occasion, External Affairs Minister Dr S. Jaishankar said, I am glad to know that Parcel and container trains have been started between both the countries.
AC: Speaking on the occasion , External Affairs Minister Dr S. Jaishankar said , I am glad to know that Parcel and container trains have been started between both the countries .

BC: I was very sad.
AC: I was very sad .

BC: They were wonderful.
AC: They were wonderful .

BC: This movie did well commercially.
AC: This movie did well commercially .

BC: They have demanded Rs 10 lakh damages.
AC: They have demanded Rs 10 lakh damages .

BC: He would meet the Telugu Desam leader and Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu, too.
AC: He would meet the Telugu Desam leader and Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu , too .

BC: The matter is under review in the Supreme Court.
AC: The matter is under review in the Supreme Court .

BC: Lord Murugan is particularly revered in southern India and among ethnic Tamil communities in Southeast Asia.
AC: Lord Murugan is particularly revered in southern India and among ethnic Tamil communities in Southeast Asia .

BC: By 1880 he completed his matriculation exam, Passed in entrance exam and joined in the College.
AC: By 1880 he completed his matriculation exam , Passed in entrance exam and joined in the College .

BC: No of posts: 39
AC: No of posts : 39

BC: 42 crores.
AC: 42 crores .

BC: I always wanted to be an actress.
AC: I always wanted to be an actress .

BC: Then add the ginger garlic paste.
AC: Then add the ginger garlic paste .

BC: They had decided to marry.
AC: They had decided to marry .

BC: In the GSM, only the airway traffic between the Mobile Station (MS) and the Base Transceiver Station (BTS) is optionally encrypted with a weak and broken stream cipher (A5/1 or A5/2).
AC: In the GSM , only the airway traffic between the Mobile Station ( MS ) and the Base Transceiver Station ( BTS ) is optionally encrypted with a weak and broken stream cipher ( A5 / 1 or A5 / 2 ) .

BC: Or foreign stooges?
AC: Or foreign stooges ?

BC: The BJP will fight for its workers.
AC: The BJP will fight for its workers .

BC: Mother began studying the Bible with the Bible Students, as Jehovahs Witnesses were then called, and was thrilled to learn that Gods Kingdom would bring peace to the earth.
AC: Mother began studying the Bible with the Bible Students , as Jehovahs Witnesses were then called , and was thrilled to learn that Gods Kingdom would bring peace to the earth .

BC: Chennai Super Kings by 23 runs in the final at Eden Gardens.
AC: Chennai Super Kings by 23 runs in the final at Eden Gardens .

BC: Police averted the effort and detained him.
AC: Police averted the effort and detained him .

BC: After receiving the information, fire officials rushed to the spot and doused the fire.
AC: After receiving the information , fire officials rushed to the spot and doused the fire .

BC: Over a hundred villagers had been arrested.
AC: Over a hundred villagers had been arrested .

BC: Compared to the West, China has little involvement in the media space in India.
AC: Compared to the West , China has little involvement in the media space in India .

BC: The film flopped.
AC: The film flopped .

BC: "There should be tax cut on CNG vehicles,"" he added."
AC: " There should be tax cut on CNG vehicles , " " he added . "

BC: YSR Congress Party chief YS Jagan Mohan Reddy, on Saturday, left for New Delhi to meet President Pranab Mukherjee to gain his support for united Andhra Pradesh
AC: YSR Congress Party chief YS Jagan Mohan Reddy , on Saturday , left for New Delhi to meet President Pranab Mukherjee to gain his support for united Andhra Pradesh

BC: There is no guarantee of profit.
AC: There is no guarantee of profit .

BC: The people are disgusted with this.
AC: The people are disgusted with this .

BC: Youre meeting a new friend.
AC: Youre meeting a new friend .

BC: I have no son.
AC: I have no son .

BC: All political leaders are in jail including three former Chief Ministers Farooq Abdullah, his son Omar Abdullah and PDP leader Mehbooba Mufti.
AC: All political leaders are in jail including three former Chief Ministers Farooq Abdullah , his son Omar Abdullah and PDP leader Mehbooba Mufti .

BC: The teaser of the film was released recently.
AC: The teaser of the film was released recently .

BC: Without life, we cannot praise Jehovah.
AC: Without life , we cannot praise Jehovah .

BC: A father raped his daughter.
AC: A father raped his daughter .

BC: It is assumed that he died in the combat.
AC: It is assumed that he died in the combat .

BC: China has developed a massive bomb, said to be the countrys answer to the US-built Mother of All Bombs.
AC: China has developed a massive bomb , said to be the countrys answer to the US-built Mother of All Bombs .

BC: How could Rehoboam foresee that soon his own ability to resolve complex issues would be tested?
AC: How could Rehoboam foresee that soon his own ability to resolve complex issues would be tested ?

BC: Indian Oil Corp. Ltd and Bharat Petroleum Corp. Ltd are both keen to acquire gas utility GAIL India Ltd to become fully integrated energy companies, reports PTI.
AC: Indian Oil Corp. Ltd and Bharat Petroleum Corp. Ltd are both keen to acquire gas utility GAIL India Ltd to become fully integrated energy companies , reports PTI .

BC: Modi faces extremely serious charges.
AC: Modi faces extremely serious charges .

BC: Industry collections are at the Center for Wooden Boats and the adjacent Northwest Seaport, the Seattle Metropolitan Police Museum, and the Museum of Flight.
AC: Industry collections are at the Center for Wooden Boats and the adjacent Northwest Seaport , the Seattle Metropolitan Police Museum , and the Museum of Flight .

BC: But, earlier Governments neglected it.
AC: But , earlier Governments neglected it .

BC: The injured were brought to state capital Raipur by helicopter for better treatment.
AC: The injured were brought to state capital Raipur by helicopter for better treatment .

BC: What about the director?
AC: What about the director ?

BC: In addition, it can also monitor live traffic conditions
AC: In addition , it can also monitor live traffic conditions

BC: Of these, 20 have been completed.
AC: Of these , 20 have been completed .

BC: This woman was disfellowshipped. Eventually, she came to her senses, repented, and was reinstated.
AC: This woman was disfellowshipped . Eventually , she came to her senses , repented , and was reinstated .

BC: The film is faring well at the box office.
AC: The film is faring well at the box office .

BC: The main camera uses Samsungs 64MP GW1 sensor.
AC: The main camera uses Samsungs 64MP GW1 sensor .

BC: What to do then?
AC: What to do then ?

BC: Meanwhile, the rupee was trading lower at 71.48 to the dollar.
AC: Meanwhile , the rupee was trading lower at 71.48 to the dollar .

BC: Some will say they liked first half, some would say the second half was better.
AC: Some will say they liked first half , some would say the second half was better .

BC: Add rice and mix well.
AC: Add rice and mix well .

BC: one after the other.
AC: one after the other .

BC: His mother Maneka Gandhi is the Union Cabinet Minister for Women and Child Development in the Narendra Modi government at the Centre.
AC: His mother Maneka Gandhi is the Union Cabinet Minister for Women and Child Development in the Narendra Modi government at the Centre .

BC: Did that bother you?
AC: Did that bother you ?

BC: Read on to know more about this disease.
AC: Read on to know more about this disease .

BC: I'm going into politics.
AC: I 'm going into politics .

BC: Theres no evidence in it.
AC: Theres no evidence in it .

BC: Not the government.
AC: Not the government .

BC: Why Tuscany?
AC: Why Tuscany ?

BC: The phone comes in red, blue and black colours.
AC: The phone comes in red , blue and black colours .

BC: Some will be lucky.
AC: Some will be lucky .

BC: However, no was injured in the incident, the police said.
AC: However , no was injured in the incident , the police said .

BC: Do not damage government properties.
AC: Do not damage government properties .

BC: There has to be a discussion on this.
AC: There has to be a discussion on this .

BC: The film is produced by Bhushan Kumar under the banner of T-Series.
AC: The film is produced by Bhushan Kumar under the banner of T-Series .

BC: The due date for income tax returns for 2019-20 has also been pushed back.
AC: The due date for income tax returns for 2019-20 has also been pushed back .

BC: Almost all the top leaders of the BJP, including PM Modi, BJP president Amit Shah and home minister Rajnath Singh-- are campaigning for various candidates in the state
AC: Almost all the top leaders of the BJP , including PM Modi , BJP president Amit Shah and home minister Rajnath Singh-- are campaigning for various candidates in the state

BC: They also help in reducing cholesterol and aid weight loss.
AC: They also help in reducing cholesterol and aid weight loss .

BC: Renuka Singh Saruta, Minister of State for Tribal Affairs, Ms. AnusuiyaUikey, Vice Chairperson, NCST, Shri Ramesh Chand Meena, Chairperson, TRIFED and Shri Deepak Khandekar, Secretary, Minister of Tribal Affairs were present.
AC: Renuka Singh Saruta , Minister of State for Tribal Affairs , Ms. AnusuiyaUikey , Vice Chairperson , NCST , Shri Ramesh Chand Meena , Chairperson , TRIFED and Shri Deepak Khandekar , Secretary , Minister of Tribal Affairs were present .

BC: It has a Micro-USB port.
AC: It has a Micro-USB port .

BC: Such incidents must be deplored.
AC: Such incidents must be deplored .

BC: I had not discussed it with anyone.
AC: I had not discussed it with anyone .

BC: Thats what we have done with the film as well.
AC: Thats what we have done with the film as well .

BC: plastic goods.
AC: plastic goods .

BC: They demanded that the accused should be severely punished.
AC: They demanded that the accused should be severely punished .

BC: He said false cases are being foisted against TDP leaders and they are being arrested.
AC: He said false cases are being foisted against TDP leaders and they are being arrested .

BC: The fine can go up to Rs 1 lakh.
AC: The fine can go up to Rs 1 lakh .

BC: Directed by Sandeep Reddy Vanga, this film has crossed Rs.
AC: Directed by Sandeep Reddy Vanga , this film has crossed Rs.

BC: Because he could not.
AC: Because he could not .

BC: Power and telecom is completely down.
AC: Power and telecom is completely down .

BC: This incident took place in the western part of Bengaluru city.
AC: This incident took place in the western part of Bengaluru city .

BC: We have to find ourselves.
AC: We have to find ourselves .

BC: Rakesh Yadav reportedly used to walk 3 km from his house in Meenapur village to the gym on Cinema Road every morning.
AC: Rakesh Yadav reportedly used to walk 3 km from his house in Meenapur village to the gym on Cinema Road every morning .

BC: Whats that in the sky?
AC: Whats that in the sky ?

BC: Travel increases.
AC: Travel increases .

BC: Where should we go?
AC: Where should we go ?

BC: A false case was lodged against me.
AC: A false case was lodged against me .

BC: Thousands of tourists visit it every day.
AC: Thousands of tourists visit it every day .

BC: 100, chair- Rs.
AC: 100 , chair- Rs.

BC: Or else, the situation will remain much the same.
AC: Or else , the situation will remain much the same .

BC: Anywhere, really.
AC: Anywhere , really .

BC: Pakistani actress Saba Qamar was the lead in the first part of the movie.
AC: Pakistani actress Saba Qamar was the lead in the first part of the movie .

BC: CI Lakshmi Narayana registered a case and launched an investigation.
AC: CI Lakshmi Narayana registered a case and launched an investigation .

BC: Why Its Bad?
AC: Why Its Bad ?

BC: He won a Filmfare award for Best Actor for this movie.
AC: He won a Filmfare award for Best Actor for this movie .

BC: Ticket Prices: VIP Rs.
AC: Ticket Prices : VIP Rs.

BC: Indian Olympic Association (IOA) Secretary General Rajiv Mehta will preside over the programme.
AC: Indian Olympic Association ( IOA ) Secretary General Rajiv Mehta will preside over the programme .

BC: He is the director.
AC: He is the director .

BC: Bank jobs: IDBI bank announces 600 Assistant Manager vacancies. Online application for PGDBF begins
AC: Bank jobs : IDBI bank announces 600 Assistant Manager vacancies . Online application for PGDBF begins

BC: Police arrested them in the midway saying that there was no permission for rally.
AC: Police arrested them in the midway saying that there was no permission for rally .

BC: You can invest up to 15 lakh in this.
AC: You can invest up to 15 lakh in this .

BC: This time, Mulayams son and SP chief Akhilesh Yadav was trying his luck on this Yadav- Muslim dominated seat.
AC: This time , Mulayams son and SP chief Akhilesh Yadav was trying his luck on this Yadav- Muslim dominated seat .

BC: The report is not true, he asserted.
AC: The report is not true , he asserted .

BC: And for that, thank you.
AC: And for that , thank you .

BC: E-POS machines have been installed in all the 17,027 fair price shops in the State.
AC: E-POS machines have been installed in all the 17,027 fair price shops in the State .

BC: "He appealed to the people to work towards ""Congress-free Gujarat"" on the lines of ""gutkha-free Gujarat"" to wipe out ""cancer""."
AC: " He appealed to the people to work towards " " Congress-free Gujarat " " on the lines of " " gutkha-free Gujarat " " to wipe out " " cancer " . " "

BC: Affects brain.
AC: Affects brain .

BC: He was, however, a poor commander.
AC: He was , however , a poor commander .

BC: Coal PSUs and captive miners have also launched steps to enhance production, while an investment of Rs.1,25,000 crore is envisaged under the Infrastructure Investment Scheme during the period 2020-24 for which 534 projects have been identified, he said.
AC: Coal PSUs and captive miners have also launched steps to enhance production , while an investment of Rs.1,25,000 crore is envisaged under the Infrastructure Investment Scheme during the period 2020-24 for which 534 projects have been identified , he said .

BC: Modi will also inaugurate other projects.
AC: Modi will also inaugurate other projects .

BC: The film was releasing in 40 countries.
AC: The film was releasing in 40 countries .

BC: Those who qualify in the written tests will undergo Physical Fitness Test (PFT) and initial Medical Examination.
AC: Those who qualify in the written tests will undergo Physical Fitness Test ( PFT ) and initial Medical Examination .

BC: BJP got only 30 per cent votes.
AC: BJP got only 30 per cent votes .

BC: All arrangements have been completed for the jatara at Medaram in Jayashankar Bhupalapally district.
AC: All arrangements have been completed for the jatara at Medaram in Jayashankar Bhupalapally district .

BC: It may be that she is reluctant to talk about personal matters.
AC: It may be that she is reluctant to talk about personal matters .

BC: Mexicos President Enrique Pena Nieto tweeted his condolences to the families of those killed and his wishes for recovery for those hurt.
AC: Mexicos President Enrique Pena Nieto tweeted his condolences to the families of those killed and his wishes for recovery for those hurt .

BC: But you have to be patient.
AC: But you have to be patient .

BC: Speaking of brakes, at the front are dual hydraulic discs and a single one at the rear
AC: Speaking of brakes , at the front are dual hydraulic discs and a single one at the rear

BC: I was depicted like a villain in Bollywood movies.
AC: I was depicted like a villain in Bollywood movies .

BC: The National Council for Science & Technology Communication (NCSTC), Department of Science & Technology (DST) in association with Dr.Anamika Ray Memorial Trust, has brought out the Hindi version of the Popular Multimedia Guide for Mass Awareness carrying important information on A-to-Z of COVID-19 pandemic
AC: The National Council for Science & Technology Communication ( NCSTC ) , Department of Science & Technology ( DST ) in association with Dr.Anamika Ray Memorial Trust , has brought out the Hindi version of the Popular Multimedia Guide for Mass Awareness carrying important information on A-to-Z of COVID-19 pandemic

BC: How are you preparing for the campaign?
AC: How are you preparing for the campaign ?

BC: been approved.
AC: been approved .

BC: India won the match by 137 runs and an innings.
AC: India won the match by 137 runs and an innings .

BC: The girl''s parents had lodged a case of abduction with the police.
AC: The girl " s parents had lodged a case of abduction with the police .

BC: On the basis of the womans statement, the police arrested the accused.
AC: On the basis of the womans statement , the police arrested the accused .

BC: This film is being made in Telugu and Tamil.
AC: This film is being made in Telugu and Tamil .

BC: "The court had termed the Allahabad High Court's February 12, 2001 verdict of dropping conspiracy charges against Advani and others as ""erroneous"""
AC: " The court had termed the Allahabad High Court 's February 12 , 2001 verdict of dropping conspiracy charges against Advani and others as " " erroneous " " "

BC: This is the quick answer.
AC: This is the quick answer .

BC: The police reached the spot and took up investigation.
AC: The police reached the spot and took up investigation .

BC: The border police seized liquor worth lakhs of rupees, smuggled from Telangana to Andhra Pradesh during the lockdown.
AC: The border police seized liquor worth lakhs of rupees , smuggled from Telangana to Andhra Pradesh during the lockdown .

BC: Some, however, may disagree. They may reason that material possessions make life more comfortable and enjoyable, thus more worthwhile.
AC: Some , however , may disagree . They may reason that material possessions make life more comfortable and enjoyable , thus more worthwhile .

BC: First thing first!
AC: First thing first !

BC: As per the latest reports, Tamil music composer Justin Prabhakaran is in talks to score the music for the film.
AC: As per the latest reports , Tamil music composer Justin Prabhakaran is in talks to score the music for the film .

BC: I will stay here.
AC: I will stay here .

BC: The fighting!
AC: The fighting !

BC: Good books.
AC: Good books .

BC: They were worried as they didnt know what to do.
AC: They were worried as they didnt know what to do .

BC: Appreciating the CRPF's immense contribution to the security of the country, Shri Shah described the Force as the backbone of the country's internal security
AC: Appreciating the CRPF 's immense contribution to the security of the country , Shri Shah described the Force as the backbone of the country 's internal security

BC: We are paying special attention to it.
AC: We are paying special attention to it .

BC: Some have entered new businesses.
AC: Some have entered new businesses .

BC: The case was registered.
AC: The case was registered .

BC: The shooting of the movie has been stopped temporarily.
AC: The shooting of the movie has been stopped temporarily .

BC: The second approach deals with the development of a live attenuated recombinant measles virus vectored vaccine against COVID-19.
AC: The second approach deals with the development of a live attenuated recombinant measles virus vectored vaccine against COVID-19 .

BC: In such cases, one should consult the doctor immediately.
AC: In such cases , one should consult the doctor immediately .

BC: Bollywood has done it.
AC: Bollywood has done it .

BC: The XZ+ and XZA+ variants come with the most number of feature additions including, the same new roof rail design and the rear AC vents update
AC: The XZ + and XZA + variants come with the most number of feature additions including , the same new roof rail design and the rear AC vents update

BC: His words shocked me.
AC: His words shocked me .

BC: The trailer and songs of the film have already created quite a buzz among the viewers.
AC: The trailer and songs of the film have already created quite a buzz among the viewers .

BC: Such questions don't get asked.
AC: Such questions don 't get asked .

BC: But that effort failed.
AC: But that effort failed .

BC: In India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has issued a 21-day Lockdown.
AC: In India , Prime Minister Narendra Modi has issued a 21-day Lockdown .

BC: You can find just about everything here.
AC: You can find just about everything here .

BC: During their marriage, which lasted from 1944-82, they had five sons and adopted another child.
AC: During their marriage , which lasted from 1944-82 , they had five sons and adopted another child .

BC: Supreme Court said.
AC: Supreme Court said .

BC: Honda Introduces Two Exciting New Colours For Livo (110cc)
AC: Honda Introduces Two Exciting New Colours For Livo ( 110cc )

BC: The plane has a technical defect.
AC: The plane has a technical defect .

BC: He is also its fan.
AC: He is also its fan .

BC: This will benefit you.
AC: This will benefit you .

BC: But no go.
AC: But no go .

BC: Some 20 workers were on the bridge at the time of the accident.
AC: Some 20 workers were on the bridge at the time of the accident .

BC: And the children of the half tribe of Manasseh dwelt in the land: they increased from Bashan unto Baal-hermon and Senir, and unto mount Hermon.
AC: And the children of the half tribe of Manasseh dwelt in the land : they increased from Bashan unto Baal-hermon and Senir , and unto mount Hermon .

BC: I demand that these cases be immediately withdrawn.
AC: I demand that these cases be immediately withdrawn .

BC: What are Frozen Eggs?
AC: What are Frozen Eggs ?

BC: Demons are dangerous, but we need not dread them.
AC: Demons are dangerous , but we need not dread them .

BC: "She dedicated her life to Congress and the people of Delhi,"" Deora said."
AC: " She dedicated her life to Congress and the people of Delhi , " " Deora said . "

BC: During this phase of training, the Sea Trainees are imparted instructions on seamanship, navigation, ship handling,Officer of the Watch / Officer of the Dayduties and technical aspects with emphasis on practical training
AC: During this phase of training , the Sea Trainees are imparted instructions on seamanship , navigation , ship handling , Officer of the Watch / Officer of the Dayduties and technical aspects with emphasis on practical training

BC: Plenty of research has been done on this topic.
AC: Plenty of research has been done on this topic .

BC: Ram Talluri produced the film under SRT Entertainments banner.
AC: Ram Talluri produced the film under SRT Entertainments banner .

BC: It makes the skin supple and beautiful.
AC: It makes the skin supple and beautiful .

BC: Carver also encouraged local farmers to break with their practice of cultivating only cotton, which was depleting the soil, and to alternate with crops of peanuts.
AC: Carver also encouraged local farmers to break with their practice of cultivating only cotton , which was depleting the soil , and to alternate with crops of peanuts .

BC: PV Sindhu has been nominated for the Padma Bhushan.
AC: PV Sindhu has been nominated for the Padma Bhushan .

BC: The astronauts are said to have died due to the malfunction.
AC: The astronauts are said to have died due to the malfunction .

BC: And, their career path is not compromised through extension of maternity leaves.
AC: And , their career path is not compromised through extension of maternity leaves .

BC: The YSRCP chief was accompanied by senior party leaders Bhumana Karunakar Reddy, Chevireddy Bhaskar Reddy and others.
AC: The YSRCP chief was accompanied by senior party leaders Bhumana Karunakar Reddy , Chevireddy Bhaskar Reddy and others .

BC: The second law of thermodynamics indicates the irreversibility of natural processes, and, in many cases, the tendency of natural processes to lead towards spatial homogeneity of matter and energy, and especially of temperature.
AC: The second law of thermodynamics indicates the irreversibility of natural processes , and , in many cases , the tendency of natural processes to lead towards spatial homogeneity of matter and energy , and especially of temperature .

BC: Before visiting Mecca, many pilgrims head to the Saudi city of Medina, where the Prophet Muhammad is buried.
AC: Before visiting Mecca , many pilgrims head to the Saudi city of Medina , where the Prophet Muhammad is buried .

BC: Police have registered a case and arrested the woman.
AC: Police have registered a case and arrested the woman .

BC: The outer Ring Road in Hyderabad.
AC: The outer Ring Road in Hyderabad .

BC: Five persons were killed and six others were injured in four separate accidents in the city.
AC: Five persons were killed and six others were injured in four separate accidents in the city .

BC: Two other people died from the infection too.
AC: Two other people died from the infection too .

BC: The students also learn Tamil, English and Computer Science.
AC: The students also learn Tamil , English and Computer Science .

BC: Direction: Jegan Rajshekar
AC: Direction : Jegan Rajshekar

BC: But the idea was dropped.
AC: But the idea was dropped .

BC: However, the high court commuted the death penalty to life imprisonment.
AC: However , the high court commuted the death penalty to life imprisonment .

BC: I can do nothing about that.
AC: I can do nothing about that .

BC: Just how true this is isn't clear.
AC: Just how true this is isn 't clear .

BC: But I have one doubt.
AC: But I have one doubt .

BC: Bollywood actress Shilpa Shetty Kundra and husband Raj Kundra were co-owners of Rajasthan Royals at that time.
AC: Bollywood actress Shilpa Shetty Kundra and husband Raj Kundra were co-owners of Rajasthan Royals at that time .

BC: Wash the rice and leave to soak.
AC: Wash the rice and leave to soak .

BC: May we therefore conduct effective Bible studies and do all we can to help others to become Jesus disciples.
AC: May we therefore conduct effective Bible studies and do all we can to help others to become Jesus disciples .

BC: Don't put them off.
AC: Don 't put them off .

BC: I guess it's difficult.
AC: I guess it 's difficult .

BC: In another tweet, Mr Modi said, Dr Murli Manohar Joshi is a scholar and intellectual par excellence.
AC: In another tweet , Mr Modi said , Dr Murli Manohar Joshi is a scholar and intellectual par excellence .

BC: Investment is increasing.
AC: Investment is increasing .

BC: Directed by Trivikram Srinivas, Ala Vaikunthapurramuloo stars Allu Arjun and Pooja Hegde in the lead role.
AC: Directed by Trivikram Srinivas , Ala Vaikunthapurramuloo stars Allu Arjun and Pooja Hegde in the lead role .

BC: It is being constituted.
AC: It is being constituted .

BC: Only a few of them are known.
AC: Only a few of them are known .

BC: There has been none so far.
AC: There has been none so far .

BC: There are no doctors in the two primary health sub-centers.
AC: There are no doctors in the two primary health sub-centers .

BC: Will those problems be fixed?
AC: Will those problems be fixed ?

BC: But Swamy doesnt agree.
AC: But Swamy doesnt agree .

BC: Sadly, though, there have also been some setbacks.
AC: Sadly , though , there have also been some setbacks .

BC: Doctors have said he is not likely to live long because of his condition.
AC: Doctors have said he is not likely to live long because of his condition .

BC: The same ethos was reflected in the doctrine of trustee-ship, advocated by Mahatma Gandhi.
AC: The same ethos was reflected in the doctrine of trustee-ship , advocated by Mahatma Gandhi .

BC: Every place whereon the sole of your foot shall tread shall be yours: from the wilderness, and Lebanon, from the river, the river Euphrates, even to the hinder sea shall be your border.
AC: Every place whereon the sole of your foot shall tread shall be yours : from the wilderness , and Lebanon , from the river , the river Euphrates , even to the hinder sea shall be your border .

BC: They will be caught.
AC: They will be caught .

BC: He was arrested and a case registered.
AC: He was arrested and a case registered .

BC: He expanded infrastructure programmes such as the National Highway Development Programme.
AC: He expanded infrastructure programmes such as the National Highway Development Programme .

BC: (I cheated.
AC: ( I cheated .

BC: "It also does not address satisfactorily India's outstanding issues and concerns In such a situation, it is not possible for India to join RCEP Agreement,"" PM Modi added."
AC: " It also does not address satisfactorily India 's outstanding issues and concerns In such a situation , it is not possible for India to join RCEP Agreement , " " PM Modi added . "

BC: He said he didn't make the film to titillate anybody.
AC: He said he didn 't make the film to titillate anybody .

BC: The police have a difficult time controlling them.
AC: The police have a difficult time controlling them .

BC: They are being treated at the hospital.
AC: They are being treated at the hospital .

BC: Bharat will mark Priyanka Chopra's comeback film
AC: Bharat will mark Priyanka Chopra 's comeback film

BC: The government or the police cannot stop them, they said.
AC: The government or the police cannot stop them , they said .

BC: World Wide Name:
AC: World Wide Name :

BC: 460 crore.
AC: 460 crore .

BC: The suspension came into force immediately.
AC: The suspension came into force immediately .

BC: Rs 75 lakh.
AC: Rs 75 lakh .

BC: Subsequently, she declared her intention to quit politics.
AC: Subsequently , she declared her intention to quit politics .

BC: Im a woman myself.
AC: Im a woman myself .

BC: Republicans condemn Donald Trump's lewd comments about women
AC: Republicans condemn Donald Trump 's lewd comments about women

BC: The climate is pleasant.
AC: The climate is pleasant .

BC: With as many as 357 deaths reported in the last 24 hours, the death toll has also increased to 8,102
AC: With as many as 357 deaths reported in the last 24 hours , the death toll has also increased to 8,102

BC: So people trust him.
AC: So people trust him .

BC: DMK and Congress were allies in the Lok Sabha elections.
AC: DMK and Congress were allies in the Lok Sabha elections .

BC: But the police did not allow it.
AC: But the police did not allow it .

BC: It helps to stimulate hair growth.
AC: It helps to stimulate hair growth .

BC: """I do not know that American novel literature has produced any other work of the kind."
AC: " " " I do not know that American novel literature has produced any other work of the kind . "

BC: So, in the initial thousand days, efforts are being made for developing a strong mechanism to secure the future of the country.
AC: So , in the initial thousand days , efforts are being made for developing a strong mechanism to secure the future of the country .

BC: He was not trying to reach for the ball.
AC: He was not trying to reach for the ball .

BC: But the court rejected his petition.
AC: But the court rejected his petition .

BC: He was immediately rushed to a nearby hospital.
AC: He was immediately rushed to a nearby hospital .

BC: This created a huge controversy.
AC: This created a huge controversy .

BC: Farmers alleged that the government procurement agencies, millers, authorities and traders had connived to fleece farmers.
AC: Farmers alleged that the government procurement agencies , millers , authorities and traders had connived to fleece farmers .

BC: Then forgot.
AC: Then forgot .

BC: Prakash Raj, Bhumika Chawla, Jayasudha, Sayaji Shinde, Raghu Babu, Srinivas Reddy, Dhanraj and Karumanchi Raghu will be seen in prominent roles.
AC: Prakash Raj , Bhumika Chawla , Jayasudha , Sayaji Shinde , Raghu Babu , Srinivas Reddy , Dhanraj and Karumanchi Raghu will be seen in prominent roles .

BC: Those who promptly obeyed and fled to the other side of the Jordan were saved.
AC: Those who promptly obeyed and fled to the other side of the Jordan were saved .

BC: Its on TV.
AC: Its on TV .

BC: Be it even over our bleaching bones the truth will triumph!
AC: Be it even over our bleaching bones the truth will triumph !

BC: This resulted in a huge brawl.
AC: This resulted in a huge brawl .

BC: That correct perspective is important if we are to keep our eyes on this big issue and take our stand for Jehovahs righteous rule.
AC: That correct perspective is important if we are to keep our eyes on this big issue and take our stand for Jehovahs righteous rule .

BC: NEW DELHI: Former India cricketer Gautam Gambhir believes the credit for Rohit Sharma's meteoric rise in white-ball cricket must be given to former captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni.
AC: NEW DELHI : Former India cricketer Gautam Gambhir believes the credit for Rohit Sharma 's meteoric rise in white-ball cricket must be given to former captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni .

BC: Which family is she nurtured in?
AC: Which family is she nurtured in ?

BC: Will it be cold?
AC: Will it be cold ?

BC: It is bordered by Germany to the west, Austria to the south, Slovakia to the east and Poland to the north.
AC: It is bordered by Germany to the west , Austria to the south , Slovakia to the east and Poland to the north .

BC: In other words it's easier to receive a short message than a longer message.
AC: In other words it 's easier to receive a short message than a longer message .

BC: For some, it wasnt enough.
AC: For some , it wasnt enough .

BC: "It's great to work with two of the finest actors in Bollywood,"" she says."
AC: " It 's great to work with two of the finest actors in Bollywood , " " she says . "

BC: She was suffering from dengue for the past few days.
AC: She was suffering from dengue for the past few days .

BC: The holy month of Ramzan has started.
AC: The holy month of Ramzan has started .

BC: The people need to think on this.
AC: The people need to think on this .

BC: The shooting of the film has just begun.
AC: The shooting of the film has just begun .

BC: """We dont know that."
AC: " " " We dont know that . "

BC: Finland is located to its north-east.
AC: Finland is located to its north-east .

BC: They will be combined.
AC: They will be combined .

BC: Living life.
AC: Living life .

BC: Whether its a film, a television show or anything else.
AC: Whether its a film , a television show or anything else .

BC: India win hockey gold, qualify for Rio Olympics
AC: India win hockey gold , qualify for Rio Olympics

BC: The meeting was attended by former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, All India Congress Committee general secretaries and party leaders in charge of various states, some of the partys chief ministers, and Congress legislative party leaders.
AC: The meeting was attended by former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , All India Congress Committee general secretaries and party leaders in charge of various states , some of the partys chief ministers , and Congress legislative party leaders .

BC: """He is serious."
AC: " " " He is serious . "

BC: Not marriage.
AC: Not marriage .

BC: But no one can defy fate.
AC: But no one can defy fate .

BC: The problem is getting aggravated day by day.
AC: The problem is getting aggravated day by day .

BC: A committee has been formed to probe about the incident.
AC: A committee has been formed to probe about the incident .

BC: But, even as a young nation you pride in several firsts.
AC: But , even as a young nation you pride in several firsts .

BC: Apart from Kapil, the CAC comprises of former Indian cricket team coach Anshuman Gaekwad and former women's team skipper Shantha Rangaswamy.
AC: Apart from Kapil , the CAC comprises of former Indian cricket team coach Anshuman Gaekwad and former women 's team skipper Shantha Rangaswamy .

BC: Can you confirm the sequence?
AC: Can you confirm the sequence ?

BC: Sajjanar, police commissioner of Cyberabad.
AC: Sajjanar , police commissioner of Cyberabad .

BC: Female voter turnout grew by more than twice as much in the same period, from 49.11 per cent to 65.54 per cent.
AC: Female voter turnout grew by more than twice as much in the same period , from 49.11 per cent to 65.54 per cent .

BC: Both have previously worked together in films such as Kabhi Kabhie, Amar Akbar Anthony, Naseeb, Coolie and Ajooba..
AC: Both have previously worked together in films such as Kabhi Kabhie , Amar Akbar Anthony , Naseeb , Coolie and Ajooba ..

BC: However,the report has not been submitted.
AC: However , the report has not been submitted .

BC: So, this is also a volume.
AC: So , this is also a volume .

BC: Weapons and the cars used in the kidnapping have been seized, the police said.
AC: Weapons and the cars used in the kidnapping have been seized , the police said .

BC: The first phase of the budget session will begin on 31 January.
AC: The first phase of the budget session will begin on 31 January .

BC: Are you afraid of being killed?
AC: Are you afraid of being killed ?

BC: Birthday Special: Stylish Looks Of Vijay Deverakonda!
AC: Birthday Special : Stylish Looks Of Vijay Deverakonda !

BC: Where have you keep them?
AC: Where have you keep them ?

BC: And so drawing on the proceeding analysis the manufacturing engineering decides in this particular case to produce the parts and it uses a turret lathe which is there already with the manufacturing engine department.
AC: And so drawing on the proceeding analysis the manufacturing engineering decides in this particular case to produce the parts and it uses a turret lathe which is there already with the manufacturing engine department .

BC: Sudarshan News gives the AAP 40 to 45 and the BJP 24 to 28.
AC: Sudarshan News gives the AAP 40 to 45 and the BJP 24 to 28 .

BC: What is Norman?
AC: What is Norman ?

BC: There are multiple problems.
AC: There are multiple problems .

BC: The taxation needs to change.
AC: The taxation needs to change .

BC: Is that justice?
AC: Is that justice ?

BC: But doctors said he had died before reaching the hospital.
AC: But doctors said he had died before reaching the hospital .

BC: For John the Baptizer came neither eating bread nor drinking wine, and you say, 'He has a demon.'
AC: For John the Baptizer came neither eating bread nor drinking wine , and you say , ' He has a demon . '

BC: Very tasty.
AC: Very tasty .

BC: This is how it goes.
AC: This is how it goes .

BC: No water seepage.
AC: No water seepage .

BC: Total Covid cases till now 1096, Active cases: 439, Recovered: 628, Deaths: 29.
AC: Total Covid cases till now 1096 , Active cases : 439 , Recovered : 628 , Deaths : 29 .

BC: For one thing, he was jealous for Gods name. He did not want it to be reproached by enemies who would attribute their victory to lifeless idols.
AC: For one thing , he was jealous for Gods name . He did not want it to be reproached by enemies who would attribute their victory to lifeless idols .

BC: But the couple was unsuccessful.
AC: But the couple was unsuccessful .

BC: Anu Emmanuel is playing the female lead in the movie.
AC: Anu Emmanuel is playing the female lead in the movie .

BC: Your choice of friends also affects how you are treated.
AC: Your choice of friends also affects how you are treated .

BC: That's a lot!
AC: That 's a lot !

BC: It will reduce the journey time.
AC: It will reduce the journey time .

BC: It is being investigated.
AC: It is being investigated .

BC: It is not known.
AC: It is not known .

BC: Burchard is certainly not himself on this occasion.
AC: Burchard is certainly not himself on this occasion .

BC: I was very happy doing that.
AC: I was very happy doing that .

BC: This is the second Parliament session of the BJP-led NDA government which returned to power with a greater mandate in the Lok Sabha elections.
AC: This is the second Parliament session of the BJP-led NDA government which returned to power with a greater mandate in the Lok Sabha elections .

BC: It became a little messy.
AC: It became a little messy .

BC: Around 16 teams are taking part in this tournament.
AC: Around 16 teams are taking part in this tournament .

BC: But God will redeem my soul from the power of Sheol , for he will receive me. Selah.
AC: But God will redeem my soul from the power of Sheol , for he will receive me . Selah .

BC: The film received an amazing response from the audience.
AC: The film received an amazing response from the audience .

BC: But their hopes went crashing down.
AC: But their hopes went crashing down .

BC: Were all equals.
AC: Were all equals .

BC: Police bust thieves' gang
AC: Police bust thieves ' gang

BC: However, the investment of Rs.
AC: However , the investment of Rs.

BC: He asked why it was so.
AC: He asked why it was so .

BC: Malaysian English, also known as Malaysian Standard English, is a form of English derived from British English.
AC: Malaysian English , also known as Malaysian Standard English , is a form of English derived from British English .

BC: Continue like this.
AC: Continue like this .

BC: Where did you buy it?
AC: Where did you buy it ?

BC: No official announcement has yet been made about this.
AC: No official announcement has yet been made about this .

BC: If you tried every subset of size k minus 1, and if you tried every permutation of every sub-set, you still couldn't find a situation where you have and edge between every consecutive peer.
AC: If you tried every subset of size k minus 1 , and if you tried every permutation of every sub-set , you still couldn 't find a situation where you have and edge between every consecutive peer .

BC: What is the heritage of the great crowd, and how can they show that they truly appreciate it?
AC: What is the heritage of the great crowd , and how can they show that they truly appreciate it ?

BC: Here former union minister Pawan Kumar Bansal of Congress is pitted against sitting Member of Parliament Kirron Kher of BJP.
AC: Here former union minister Pawan Kumar Bansal of Congress is pitted against sitting Member of Parliament Kirron Kher of BJP .

BC: That was not for politics.
AC: That was not for politics .

BC: We are delighted that the audience has enjoyed the movie.
AC: We are delighted that the audience has enjoyed the movie .

BC: He has also written a letter to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj in this regard.
AC: He has also written a letter to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj in this regard .

BC: So they cast it, but they were not able to haul it in because of the large number of fish. John 21: 1 - 6.
AC: So they cast it , but they were not able to haul it in because of the large number of fish . John 21 : 1 - 6 .

BC: Manchu Vishnu is the elder son of the actor-turned-politician Manchu Mohan Babu.
AC: Manchu Vishnu is the elder son of the actor-turned-politician Manchu Mohan Babu .

BC: Doctors certified that he was healthy and bore no injuries on his body.
AC: Doctors certified that he was healthy and bore no injuries on his body .

BC: Researchers looking for HPV among 1,633 lung cancer patients and 2,729 people without the lung disease found that people with lung cancer had more types of HPV than noncancer patients did, and among lung cancer patients, the chances of having eight types of serious HPV were significantly increased.
AC: Researchers looking for HPV among 1,633 lung cancer patients and 2,729 people without the lung disease found that people with lung cancer had more types of HPV than noncancer patients did , and among lung cancer patients , the chances of having eight types of serious HPV were significantly increased .

BC: They love each other tremendously.
AC: They love each other tremendously .

BC: What kind of a name is it?
AC: What kind of a name is it ?

BC: Advani , Leader of the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley , Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and RJD leader Lalu Prasad Yadav were also present at the swearing in.
AC: Advani , Leader of the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley , Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and RJD leader Lalu Prasad Yadav were also present at the swearing in .

BC: (What greatness!)
AC: ( What greatness ! )

BC: There is nothing.
AC: There is nothing .

BC: Dasyam Pranay Bhasker was very much active and part of the then separate Telangana Movement.
AC: Dasyam Pranay Bhasker was very much active and part of the then separate Telangana Movement .

BC: He shared this good news with the fans, on Twitter.
AC: He shared this good news with the fans , on Twitter .

BC: Everything should be subtle.
AC: Everything should be subtle .

BC: He expressed his condolences to the family.
AC: He expressed his condolences to the family .

BC: After coding you can make a different groups, classify all code code in different groups.
AC: After coding you can make a different groups , classify all code code in different groups .

BC: This is due to hormonal changes.
AC: This is due to hormonal changes .

BC: But that is actually not so.
AC: But that is actually not so .

BC: Modi will remain as Prime Minister.
AC: Modi will remain as Prime Minister .

BC: This is called a solar eclipse.
AC: This is called a solar eclipse .

BC: I was so inspired by the story.
AC: I was so inspired by the story .

BC: "That happened."""
AC: " That happened . " " "

BC: Be the change!
AC: Be the change !

BC: 111 crores.
AC: 111 crores .

BC: This only occurred in the very last days of the war.
AC: This only occurred in the very last days of the war .

BC: If anyone has bouts of cough, cold, fever and difficulty in breathing, he or she has been urged to contact a doctor immediately.
AC: If anyone has bouts of cough , cold , fever and difficulty in breathing , he or she has been urged to contact a doctor immediately .

BC: Virat Kohli focuses greatly on his fitness.
AC: Virat Kohli focuses greatly on his fitness .

BC: This had happened in the past too.
AC: This had happened in the past too .

BC: Rajiv Kanakala, Eswari Rao and Devayani will be seen in other important roles.
AC: Rajiv Kanakala , Eswari Rao and Devayani will be seen in other important roles .

BC: Savings accounts usually require the holder to maintain a certain amount known as minimum account balance in the respective savings account.
AC: Savings accounts usually require the holder to maintain a certain amount known as minimum account balance in the respective savings account .

BC: They like books.
AC: They like books .

BC: 60 people have been evacuated so far.
AC: 60 people have been evacuated so far .

BC: For some reason, the Evil Pigs seem to be collecting gold.
AC: For some reason , the Evil Pigs seem to be collecting gold .

BC: Resorts, homestays and lodges are available.
AC: Resorts , homestays and lodges are available .

BC: Ours is a close-knit family.
AC: Ours is a close-knit family .

BC: Rs 1.5 crore is being spent on it.
AC: Rs 1.5 crore is being spent on it .

BC: This indeed is shocking.
AC: This indeed is shocking .

BC: It features projector headlights and DRL's in top-end models
AC: It features projector headlights and DRL 's in top-end models

BC: Use only boiled water for drinking.
AC: Use only boiled water for drinking .

BC: Should I take it?
AC: Should I take it ?

BC: But this is not necessary.
AC: But this is not necessary .

BC: Remember that step combinations are often repeated each time the chorus of a song is played.
AC: Remember that step combinations are often repeated each time the chorus of a song is played .

BC: The procedure is stoped for any reason these resources system recollected.
AC: The procedure is stoped for any reason these resources system recollected .

BC: Former Indian cricketer Sachin Tendulkar also congratulated Malinga on his ODI career.
AC: Former Indian cricketer Sachin Tendulkar also congratulated Malinga on his ODI career .

BC: Not at home?
AC: Not at home ?

BC: She was swept by water.
AC: She was swept by water .

BC: For this, Rs.
AC: For this , Rs.

BC: The film is titled to be 'Gang Leader'.
AC: The film is titled to be ' Gang Leader ' .

BC: Dont talk to them.
AC: Dont talk to them .

BC: No doubts about it.
AC: No doubts about it .

BC: Its wrong to make it so.
AC: Its wrong to make it so .

BC: Institutional Investors.
AC: Institutional Investors .

BC: Deve Gowda's second grandson and chief minister Kumaraswamy's son Nikhil Kumaraswamy is also contesting the Lok Sabha election from Mandya
AC: Deve Gowda 's second grandson and chief minister Kumaraswamy 's son Nikhil Kumaraswamy is also contesting the Lok Sabha election from Mandya

BC: This is a very important station on this route.
AC: This is a very important station on this route .

BC: Great success.
AC: Great success .

BC: The Indian state calls the region Pakistan-occupied Kashmir.
AC: The Indian state calls the region Pakistan-occupied Kashmir .

BC: Some have been waiting a long time.
AC: Some have been waiting a long time .

BC: The Kurali police is investigating the case.
AC: The Kurali police is investigating the case .

BC: As an opposition leader he was insulted by the ruling congress party.
AC: As an opposition leader he was insulted by the ruling congress party .

BC: The effort needed to acquire wisdom is truly worthwhile, for its ways are ways of pleasantness, peace, happiness, and finally, life. What is necessary in addition to Bible reading, and what will we consider in the following article?
AC: The effort needed to acquire wisdom is truly worthwhile , for its ways are ways of pleasantness , peace , happiness , and finally , life . What is necessary in addition to Bible reading , and what will we consider in the following article ?

BC: Last month, the Pakistan government had released more than 250 Indian fishermen from the Landhi and Malir jails in Karachi.
AC: Last month , the Pakistan government had released more than 250 Indian fishermen from the Landhi and Malir jails in Karachi .

BC: The pre-production works for the movie are completed.
AC: The pre-production works for the movie are completed .

BC: It might take a months time.
AC: It might take a months time .

BC: The film is almost complete.
AC: The film is almost complete .

BC: Nagarjuna Construction Company is the project developer.
AC: Nagarjuna Construction Company is the project developer .

BC: The official notification regarding the same will be released by the next week.
AC: The official notification regarding the same will be released by the next week .

BC: Former market yard chairperson Bollineni Ramakrishna, senior leaders Ootla Nageshwara Rao, Chinta Sridhar, Sure Rammohan Rao, Pamidi Koteshwara Rao, B Malleswari, BC leaders B Kondalu and Koteswara Rao and others accompanied Rama Rao.
AC: Former market yard chairperson Bollineni Ramakrishna , senior leaders Ootla Nageshwara Rao , Chinta Sridhar , Sure Rammohan Rao , Pamidi Koteshwara Rao , B Malleswari , BC leaders B Kondalu and Koteswara Rao and others accompanied Rama Rao .

BC: The minister fumbled.
AC: The minister fumbled .

BC: Add a spoonful of vinegar to it.
AC: Add a spoonful of vinegar to it .

BC: Apply the mixture all over your face.
AC: Apply the mixture all over your face .

BC: But thats not the right approach, he said.
AC: But thats not the right approach , he said .

BC: So, we will continue our discussion with another example problem later on.
AC: So , we will continue our discussion with another example problem later on .

BC: On the other hand, Rs.
AC: On the other hand , Rs.

BC: What is their condition?
AC: What is their condition ?

BC: Ive been listening to him since I was very young.
AC: Ive been listening to him since I was very young .

BC: The film is made on a budget of approximately $200 million.
AC: The film is made on a budget of approximately $ 200 million .

BC: The petitioners also demanded that proper medical treatment and compensation be provided to the injured students.
AC: The petitioners also demanded that proper medical treatment and compensation be provided to the injured students .

BC: Third wicket for Amit Mishra.
AC: Third wicket for Amit Mishra .

BC: In the previous...
AC: In the previous ...

BC: Because seals have learned how to rob food from fishing nets, damaging them in the process.
AC: Because seals have learned how to rob food from fishing nets , damaging them in the process .

BC: I mean, somebody is gonna be looking for that.
AC: I mean , somebody is gonna be looking for that .

BC: A special investigation unit (SIT) of the crime branch has been formed to probe the cases.
AC: A special investigation unit ( SIT ) of the crime branch has been formed to probe the cases .

BC: How are the New Years resolutions going?
AC: How are the New Years resolutions going ?

BC: The facelift comes with new projector headlamps, LED DRLs and a redesigned front grille with chrome accents.
AC: The facelift comes with new projector headlamps , LED DRLs and a redesigned front grille with chrome accents .

BC: Former Australia captain Michael Clarke was also effusive in his praise of Kuldeep.
AC: Former Australia captain Michael Clarke was also effusive in his praise of Kuldeep .

BC: He said that a government will soon going to be formed in Maharashtra.
AC: He said that a government will soon going to be formed in Maharashtra .

BC: She later joined Jamshedji Framji Madan's Corinithian Stage Company as an actress.
AC: She later joined Jamshedji Framji Madan 's Corinithian Stage Company as an actress .

BC: This comes as a blow to TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu.
AC: This comes as a blow to TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu .

BC: The movie is completely full of suspense and thriller.
AC: The movie is completely full of suspense and thriller .

BC: Why do you want to keep on walking in the path of increasing light?
AC: Why do you want to keep on walking in the path of increasing light ?

BC: 2018 has rolled in.
AC: 2018 has rolled in .

BC: Then everybody ditches her.
AC: Then everybody ditches her .

BC: The wedding will reportedly take place according to Marwadi as well as Telugu traditions.
AC: The wedding will reportedly take place according to Marwadi as well as Telugu traditions .

BC: After Chennai, it was Mumbai, Jaipur and Delhi.
AC: After Chennai , it was Mumbai , Jaipur and Delhi .

BC: And we were like, this is 2014.
AC: And we were like , this is 2014 .

BC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi.
AC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan , Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi .

BC: Technically, the film is top notch.
AC: Technically , the film is top notch .

BC: Credited with being the brain behind Sasikala, her husband Natarajan was ousted from the Poes Garden residence by Jayalalithaa in 1990, while Sasikala continued to live there
AC: Credited with being the brain behind Sasikala , her husband Natarajan was ousted from the Poes Garden residence by Jayalalithaa in 1990 , while Sasikala continued to live there

BC: Baylor University, or simply Baylor, is a private Christian university in Waco, Texas.
AC: Baylor University , or simply Baylor , is a private Christian university in Waco , Texas .

BC: She had also filed a police complaint against him.
AC: She had also filed a police complaint against him .

BC: It is the brand value.
AC: It is the brand value .

BC: Click here for the results:
AC: Click here for the results :

BC: A lot of changes should be brought in the country.
AC: A lot of changes should be brought in the country .

BC: Deepika Padukone played the character of Veronica in the film Cocktail.
AC: Deepika Padukone played the character of Veronica in the film Cocktail .

BC: At present client is not in India.
AC: At present client is not in India .

BC: Thanks to Hebah Patel who has liked the story and agreed to do our film.
AC: Thanks to Hebah Patel who has liked the story and agreed to do our film .

BC: Absence of byword word is called as un-notified house.
AC: Absence of byword word is called as un-notified house .

BC: The locals captured photos and videos of the incident, further sharing them on social media.
AC: The locals captured photos and videos of the incident , further sharing them on social media .

BC: Ministry of Human Resource Development Union Minister for HRD Shri Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank launches India Report- Digital Education June 2020 The report elaborates on the innovative methods adopted by Ministry of HRD, Education Departments of States and Union Territories for ensuring accessible and inclusive education to children at home and reducing learning gaps HRD Minister Union Minister for HRD Shri Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank today virtually launched India Report on Digital Education, 2020.
AC: Ministry of Human Resource Development Union Minister for HRD Shri Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank launches India Report- Digital Education June 2020 The report elaborates on the innovative methods adopted by Ministry of HRD , Education Departments of States and Union Territories for ensuring accessible and inclusive education to children at home and reducing learning gaps HRD Minister Union Minister for HRD Shri Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank today virtually launched India Report on Digital Education , 2020 .

BC: The Dost+ is the latest commercial vehicle to be launched by Ashok Leyland, and is targeted at customers in the upper end of the Small Commercial Vehicle segment in India
AC: The Dost + is the latest commercial vehicle to be launched by Ashok Leyland , and is targeted at customers in the upper end of the Small Commercial Vehicle segment in India

BC: All expectations were gone.
AC: All expectations were gone .

BC: So taking a shower is mandatory.
AC: So taking a shower is mandatory .

BC: It was never surpassed anywhere else.
AC: It was never surpassed anywhere else .

BC: The authorities warned fishermen against venturing into the sea.
AC: The authorities warned fishermen against venturing into the sea .

BC: But the fact that he doesnt care is amazing.
AC: But the fact that he doesnt care is amazing .

BC: Mytri Movie Makers are producing this film.
AC: Mytri Movie Makers are producing this film .

BC: Price of the apartment to purchase would be Rs 50 lakh.
AC: Price of the apartment to purchase would be Rs 50 lakh .

BC: """Go inquire of Yahweh for me, and for the people, and for all Judah, concerning the words of this book that is found. for great is the wrath of Yahweh that is kindled against us, because our fathers have not listened to the words of this book, to do according to all that which is written concerning us."""
AC: " " " Go inquire of Yahweh for me , and for the people , and for all Judah , concerning the words of this book that is found. for great is the wrath of Yahweh that is kindled against us , because our fathers have not listened to the words of this book , to do according to all that which is written concerning us . " " "

BC: Sometimes thats the way it is.
AC: Sometimes thats the way it is .

BC: But he was serious.
AC: But he was serious .

BC: Yahweh detests the thoughts of the wicked, but the thoughts of the pure are pleasing.
AC: Yahweh detests the thoughts of the wicked , but the thoughts of the pure are pleasing .

BC: These films were screened at different film festivals in many countries.
AC: These films were screened at different film festivals in many countries .

BC: Bollywood star Shraddha Kapoor is playing the female lead in the movie.
AC: Bollywood star Shraddha Kapoor is playing the female lead in the movie .

BC: Do not stop making repayments: Against the credit card debt, you need to service minimum payment dues every month and if you stop making such repayments, banks may be forced to cancel your credit card account.
AC: Do not stop making repayments : Against the credit card debt , you need to service minimum payment dues every month and if you stop making such repayments , banks may be forced to cancel your credit card account .

BC: An ecosystem has history of development, it should be taken into account while doing anything with ecosystems.
AC: An ecosystem has history of development , it should be taken into account while doing anything with ecosystems .

BC: I had decided to quit.
AC: I had decided to quit .

BC: Whether we have just learned about the wonderful good news or we have been pursuing the Kingdom and telling others about its blessings for decades, we must continue to make the Kingdom the focus of our interest and attention.
AC: Whether we have just learned about the wonderful good news or we have been pursuing the Kingdom and telling others about its blessings for decades , we must continue to make the Kingdom the focus of our interest and attention .

BC: The District also has super abundance of natural water resources in the shape of various famous springs such as, Kausar Nag (ahead of Aherbal), Waseknag (Kund), Khee Nag( Khee Jogipora), etc.
AC: The District also has super abundance of natural water resources in the shape of various famous springs such as , Kausar Nag ( ahead of Aherbal ) , Waseknag ( Kund ) , Khee Nag ( Khee Jogipora ) , etc .

BC: Her parents have accused her husband of having poisoned their daughter.
AC: Her parents have accused her husband of having poisoned their daughter .

BC: 10 crores.
AC: 10 crores .

BC: Apart from food distribution, these organisations were instrumental in the distribution of masks, sanitisers and other items.
AC: Apart from food distribution , these organisations were instrumental in the distribution of masks , sanitisers and other items .

BC: They have to be cultivated.
AC: They have to be cultivated .

BC: She was a daughter of Fridthjof Jacobsen, the assistant manager of the whaling station, and Klara Olette Jacobsen.
AC: She was a daughter of Fridthjof Jacobsen , the assistant manager of the whaling station , and Klara Olette Jacobsen .

BC: Like everybody else, I am still in shock.
AC: Like everybody else , I am still in shock .

BC: Its not all gloomy though.
AC: Its not all gloomy though .

BC: In case of turbines we can say that same thing, we can say that CU 1 can be assumed to be zero, it is again need not be always the case but many times while designing a turbine we can consider it to be zero in the first case but there are examples or there are requirements when CU 1 you did not take it to be zero as well.
AC: In case of turbines we can say that same thing , we can say that CU 1 can be assumed to be zero , it is again need not be always the case but many times while designing a turbine we can consider it to be zero in the first case but there are examples or there are requirements when CU 1 you did not take it to be zero as well .

BC: What else?
AC: What else ?

BC: Answer: Scoop
AC: Answer : Scoop

BC: Satan was no longer among the throng of Jehovahs faithful angels, so he could not have been included with those who were on Jehovahs side.
AC: Satan was no longer among the throng of Jehovahs faithful angels , so he could not have been included with those who were on Jehovahs side .

BC: India tennis player Rohan Bopanna.
AC: India tennis player Rohan Bopanna .

BC: Vehicles were set on fire.
AC: Vehicles were set on fire .

BC: The company's domestic sales grew from 5,780 units to 6,742 vehicles in May 2017
AC: The company 's domestic sales grew from 5,780 units to 6,742 vehicles in May 2017

BC: He hasnt given up though.
AC: He hasnt given up though .

BC: The same thing!
AC: The same thing !

BC: The police said the cause of the accident was not known.
AC: The police said the cause of the accident was not known .

BC: Think twice.
AC: Think twice .

BC: We are looking for him, police said.
AC: We are looking for him , police said .

BC: Children up to 5 years: Free
AC: Children up to 5 years : Free

BC: Two persons killed on the spot while two others seriously injured in the incident.
AC: Two persons killed on the spot while two others seriously injured in the incident .

BC: They are honest and real.
AC: They are honest and real .

BC: The body and mind are interconnected.
AC: The body and mind are interconnected .

BC: Thats one very important attribute.
AC: Thats one very important attribute .

BC: The two have been friends ever since.
AC: The two have been friends ever since .

BC: Think before you hit.
AC: Think before you hit .

BC: Tamil Nadu Governor Vidyasagar Rao approved the ordinance allowing Jallikattu to be held across the state.
AC: Tamil Nadu Governor Vidyasagar Rao approved the ordinance allowing Jallikattu to be held across the state .

BC: What is that language?
AC: What is that language ?

BC: Several party leaders attended the meeting.
AC: Several party leaders attended the meeting .

BC: The meeting has held at the CM camp office in Tadepalli.
AC: The meeting has held at the CM camp office in Tadepalli .

BC: Sensitive seismographs, which greatly magnify these ground motions, can detect strong earthquakes from sources anywhere in the world.
AC: Sensitive seismographs , which greatly magnify these ground motions , can detect strong earthquakes from sources anywhere in the world .

BC: H1N1 flu is also known as swine flu.
AC: H1N1 flu is also known as swine flu .

BC: The script is almost ready.
AC: The script is almost ready .

BC: This is where the conflict began.
AC: This is where the conflict began .

BC: See also the related distinctions: deductive/inductive, analytic/synthetic, necessary/contingent.
AC: See also the related distinctions : deductive / inductive , analytic / synthetic , necessary / contingent .

BC: I'm coming for you, Leonard!
AC: I 'm coming for you , Leonard !

BC: The final schedule will be released shortly.
AC: The final schedule will be released shortly .

BC: That is by no means proven yet.
AC: That is by no means proven yet .

BC: The market is a huge one.
AC: The market is a huge one .

BC: Luckily, the injury was not fatal.
AC: Luckily , the injury was not fatal .

BC: The budget session is slated to begin later this month.
AC: The budget session is slated to begin later this month .

BC: India had made 244 in their first innings.
AC: India had made 244 in their first innings .

BC: The court agreed to this.
AC: The court agreed to this .

BC: Directed by Sujeeth, Shraddha Kapoor is the leading lady in 'Saaho'.
AC: Directed by Sujeeth , Shraddha Kapoor is the leading lady in ' Saaho ' .

BC: He has also acted in a few Telugu films.
AC: He has also acted in a few Telugu films .

BC: India have already...
AC: India have already ...

BC: They had tough competition from the Pallavas.
AC: They had tough competition from the Pallavas .

BC: Pakistan should be wary of this.
AC: Pakistan should be wary of this .

BC: An example is if a disclosure is omitted from the financial statements.
AC: An example is if a disclosure is omitted from the financial statements .

BC: How does the holy spirit help us to endure trials?
AC: How does the holy spirit help us to endure trials ?

BC: Later, the Assembly was adjourned indefinitely.
AC: Later , the Assembly was adjourned indefinitely .

BC: Explosion: U.S.
AC: Explosion : U.S.

BC: """It does not help."
AC: " " " It does not help . "

BC: There is lot more to be told.
AC: There is lot more to be told .

BC: 5 lakh to his family.
AC: 5 lakh to his family .

BC: The number of crimes against women also saw a decline.
AC: The number of crimes against women also saw a decline .

BC: Police have arrested the accused in the case.
AC: Police have arrested the accused in the case .

BC: Loan repayment:
AC: Loan repayment :

BC: Joe Root scored a century.
AC: Joe Root scored a century .

BC: One such incident happened in Hyderabad city's Chaderghat.
AC: One such incident happened in Hyderabad city 's Chaderghat .

BC: Director: Sriram Aditya
AC: Director : Sriram Aditya

BC: and the red kite, and the falcon, and the kite after its kind,
AC: and the red kite , and the falcon , and the kite after its kind ,

BC: Maserati currently offers its global markets products like Ghibli Sedan, GranTurismo coupe, GranCabrio convertible and the Quattroporte sedan
AC: Maserati currently offers its global markets products like Ghibli Sedan , GranTurismo coupe , GranCabrio convertible and the Quattroporte sedan

BC: However, the collections fell low after that.
AC: However , the collections fell low after that .

BC: They withdrew cash from bank accounts.
AC: They withdrew cash from bank accounts .

BC: Dubai: Indian off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin on Wednesday surged to the top of the International Cricket Council(ICC) player rankings for Test bowlers with a career-best haul of 13/140 in the third and final Test against New Zealand
AC: Dubai : Indian off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin on Wednesday surged to the top of the International Cricket Council ( ICC ) player rankings for Test bowlers with a career-best haul of 13 / 140 in the third and final Test against New Zealand

BC: Such examples are aplenty in India as well.
AC: Such examples are aplenty in India as well .

BC: Its been there ever since.
AC: Its been there ever since .

BC: What changes has marriage brought?
AC: What changes has marriage brought ?

BC: He told GTV News that he had asked then chief selector Wasim Bari to drop stalwarts like Wasim Akram, Waqar Younis and Saeed Anwar from the team after the World Cup.
AC: He told GTV News that he had asked then chief selector Wasim Bari to drop stalwarts like Wasim Akram , Waqar Younis and Saeed Anwar from the team after the World Cup .

BC: What is love?
AC: What is love ?

BC: We cannot stand by.
AC: We cannot stand by .

BC: Nice results!
AC: Nice results !

BC: They commonly occur in the neck, shoulders, back, abdomen, arms and thighs.
AC: They commonly occur in the neck , shoulders , back , abdomen , arms and thighs .

BC: However, the Bench rejected the appeal.
AC: However , the Bench rejected the appeal .

BC: Sometimes you even smile.
AC: Sometimes you even smile .

BC: Haven't got any friends?
AC: Haven 't got any friends ?

BC: YSR Congress Party chief YS Jagan Mohan Reddy 's mass contact initiative Praja Sankalpa Yatra has been receiving tremendous response from the masses.
AC: YSR Congress Party chief YS Jagan Mohan Reddy ' s mass contact initiative Praja Sankalpa Yatra has been receiving tremendous response from the masses .

BC: But the centre does not hold.
AC: But the centre does not hold .

BC: They plunged into the fire.
AC: They plunged into the fire .

BC: She was then shifted to Care Hospital in Hyderabad.
AC: She was then shifted to Care Hospital in Hyderabad .

BC: The speed of the car could have been above 120 km/hr.
AC: The speed of the car could have been above 120 km / hr .

BC: He lodged a complaint with the police.
AC: He lodged a complaint with the police .

BC: MoS status has been accorded to Narmadanand Maharaj, Hariharanand Maharaj, Computer Baba, Bhayyu Maharaj and Pandit Yogendra Mahant.
AC: MoS status has been accorded to Narmadanand Maharaj , Hariharanand Maharaj , Computer Baba , Bhayyu Maharaj and Pandit Yogendra Mahant .

BC: Public-Key-Pins: The site specified a header that included multiple max-age directives.
AC: Public-Key-Pins : The site specified a header that included multiple max-age directives .

BC: What do I say to this?
AC: What do I say to this ?

BC: The main reason is the decline in prices of agricultural produce.
AC: The main reason is the decline in prices of agricultural produce .

BC: 500 acres of land.
AC: 500 acres of land .

BC: The Shiv Sena and the Congress are ideologically different.
AC: The Shiv Sena and the Congress are ideologically different .

BC: Their demands include declaring Anganwadi workers state government employees and pay on par with other government employees.
AC: Their demands include declaring Anganwadi workers state government employees and pay on par with other government employees .

BC: out of these some are special. the mistakes rolled over or partiality shown in ht enews websites or other blogs are written by them.
AC: out of these some are special. the mistakes rolled over or partiality shown in ht enews websites or other blogs are written by them .

BC: While TRS will get 52 to 57 Assembly seats and 7 to 9 MP seats, the Congress- CPI combine could get 43 to 45 Assembly seats and 4 to 6 MP seats, the survey said
AC: While TRS will get 52 to 57 Assembly seats and 7 to 9 MP seats , the Congress- CPI combine could get 43 to 45 Assembly seats and 4 to 6 MP seats , the survey said

BC: What the RBIs saying:
AC: What the RBIs saying :

BC: The trailer of the film was recently released and received a good response.
AC: The trailer of the film was recently released and received a good response .

BC: Bollywood actress Ananya Pandey, daughter of senior Hindi actor Chunky Pandey, is playing the female lead opposite Vijay Deverakonda.
AC: Bollywood actress Ananya Pandey , daughter of senior Hindi actor Chunky Pandey , is playing the female lead opposite Vijay Deverakonda .

BC: He was taken to a nearby hospital but died shortly after.
AC: He was taken to a nearby hospital but died shortly after .

BC: The video has gone viral across social media platforms including Facebook and Twitter.
AC: The video has gone viral across social media platforms including Facebook and Twitter .

BC: """You won't believe this"
AC: " " " You won 't believe this "

BC: Where are we heading! the governor had tweeted.
AC: Where are we heading ! the governor had tweeted .

BC: The e-filing facility for ITR-1 is enabled from April 1, and ITRs can be filed till the stipulated deadline of July 31.
AC: The e-filing facility for ITR-1 is enabled from April 1 , and ITRs can be filed till the stipulated deadline of July 31 .

BC: Both Congress and BJP have thrown their might in these elections.
AC: Both Congress and BJP have thrown their might in these elections .

BC: These children are victims of the vendetta tradition, which has paralysed life for thousands of families.
AC: These children are victims of the vendetta tradition , which has paralysed life for thousands of families .

BC: So dont know which one to pick.
AC: So dont know which one to pick .

BC: """""Who will write wikipedia? There is a huge following and great development is going on this Wikipedia"
AC: " " " " " Who will write wikipedia ? There is a huge following and great development is going on this Wikipedia "

BC: This requires patience.
AC: This requires patience .

BC: No problems.
AC: No problems .

BC: Reports state that the train will pass through 396 small bridges, 124 longer bridges as well as 74 tunnels.
AC: Reports state that the train will pass through 396 small bridges , 124 longer bridges as well as 74 tunnels .

BC: bakrid : jil hazaz's 12th day
AC: bakrid : jil hazaz 's 12th day

BC: On the Parliamentary elections in Telangana, Kumar said the TRS would win 16 seats.
AC: On the Parliamentary elections in Telangana , Kumar said the TRS would win 16 seats .

BC: There are four dimensions to this.
AC: There are four dimensions to this .

BC: India is home to several hundred languages.
AC: India is home to several hundred languages .

BC: I have worked really hard on the film.
AC: I have worked really hard on the film .

BC: Life is difficult.
AC: Life is difficult .

BC: Aamir Khan and wife Kiran Rao were also snapped at the engagement.
AC: Aamir Khan and wife Kiran Rao were also snapped at the engagement .

BC: The film still released with a U certificate.
AC: The film still released with a U certificate .

BC: "Everything I say will instantly become your reality."""
AC: " Everything I say will instantly become your reality . " " "

BC: The criminals would soon be arrested, he said.
AC: The criminals would soon be arrested , he said .

BC: "Asked if the department is providing any assistance to the Indian government in tracing Modi, the spokesperson said, ""We refer you to the department of justice for questions on legal assistance to the Indian authorities in relation to their investigation of Mr Modi"""
AC: " Asked if the department is providing any assistance to the Indian government in tracing Modi , the spokesperson said , " " We refer you to the department of justice for questions on legal assistance to the Indian authorities in relation to their investigation of Mr Modi " " "

BC: At these assemblies, we were instructed in methods of preaching and were shown how to deal respectfully with police who interfered.
AC: At these assemblies , we were instructed in methods of preaching and were shown how to deal respectfully with police who interfered .

BC: Dec 31, 2016: Dassault Aviation's Annual Report reveals the actual price paid for the 36 aircraft at about Rs 60,000 crore, more than double the government's stated price in Parliament
AC: Dec 31 , 2016 : Dassault Aviation 's Annual Report reveals the actual price paid for the 36 aircraft at about Rs 60,000 crore , more than double the government 's stated price in Parliament

BC: The Chandigarh Airport located in Mohali is named as Shaheed-E-Azam Bhagat Singh airport.
AC: The Chandigarh Airport located in Mohali is named as Shaheed-E-Azam Bhagat Singh airport .

BC: How did that stay in!
AC: How did that stay in !

BC: were taken.
AC: were taken .

BC: I hold an NRE savings account.
AC: I hold an NRE savings account .

BC: That is how a transaction takes place.
AC: That is how a transaction takes place .

BC: And third, the environment.
AC: And third , the environment .

BC: The debate is open.
AC: The debate is open .

BC: Furthermore, the filmmaker has been asked to change the title of the film.
AC: Furthermore , the filmmaker has been asked to change the title of the film .

BC: For the strays:
AC: For the strays :

BC: This was his first film in Hindi.
AC: This was his first film in Hindi .

BC: Do you get cold and cough often?
AC: Do you get cold and cough often ?

BC: The binomial name Homo sapiens was coined by Linnaeus, 1758.
AC: The binomial name Homo sapiens was coined by Linnaeus , 1758 .

BC: The film will release soon.
AC: The film will release soon .

BC: "Moreover, if he be gone into a city, then shall all Israel bring ropes to that city, and we will draw it into the river, until there isn't one small stone found there."""
AC: " Moreover , if he be gone into a city , then shall all Israel bring ropes to that city , and we will draw it into the river , until there isn 't one small stone found there . " " "

BC: Directed by Surender Reddy, the film will narrate the story of Kurnool-based freedom fighter Uyyalawada Narasimha Reddy.
AC: Directed by Surender Reddy , the film will narrate the story of Kurnool-based freedom fighter Uyyalawada Narasimha Reddy .

BC: Its a patriotic film.
AC: Its a patriotic film .

BC: Market fluctuations are common.
AC: Market fluctuations are common .

BC: He appealed the government to provide immediate relief to the affected people.
AC: He appealed the government to provide immediate relief to the affected people .

BC: Avoid moving out in the sunlight as far as possible.
AC: Avoid moving out in the sunlight as far as possible .

BC: In the coming months, Flipkart will work with production houses such as Studio Next, Frames and Sikhya Productions, to bring forth unique content across genres and languages.
AC: In the coming months , Flipkart will work with production houses such as Studio Next , Frames and Sikhya Productions , to bring forth unique content across genres and languages .

BC: Hanuman Jayanti is an important festival of Hindus.
AC: Hanuman Jayanti is an important festival of Hindus .

BC: He says he cant tell.
AC: He says he cant tell .

BC: 333 crore.
AC: 333 crore .

BC: How to reach the temple?
AC: How to reach the temple ?

BC: He was accompanied by Governor P Sathasivam, Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan, Union Minister Alphons Kannanthanam and officials.
AC: He was accompanied by Governor P Sathasivam , Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan , Union Minister Alphons Kannanthanam and officials .

BC: But how to prove it?
AC: But how to prove it ?

BC: With all this help, India Mobile Congress has established itself as the biggest technology event in South Asia and the biggest networking event in India in the digital technology space
AC: With all this help , India Mobile Congress has established itself as the biggest technology event in South Asia and the biggest networking event in India in the digital technology space

BC: It will help in reducing stress.
AC: It will help in reducing stress .

BC: It's just a movie.
AC: It 's just a movie .

BC: Indias income inequality is the highest at 18.8% in the region.
AC: Indias income inequality is the highest at 18.8 % in the region .

BC: The local police was subsequently informed.
AC: The local police was subsequently informed .

BC: Never give up on your dreams!
AC: Never give up on your dreams !

BC: The countrys No.
AC: The countrys No .

BC: I said well, do that.
AC: I said well , do that .

BC: He does it all!
AC: He does it all !

BC: Other notable skiers from Liechtenstein are Marco Bchel, Willi Frommelt, Paul Frommelt and Ursula Konzett.
AC: Other notable skiers from Liechtenstein are Marco Bchel , Willi Frommelt , Paul Frommelt and Ursula Konzett .

BC: Shraddha Kapoor recently revealed her hilarious nicknames in an interview.
AC: Shraddha Kapoor recently revealed her hilarious nicknames in an interview .

BC: However, she did not reveal the actors name.
AC: However , she did not reveal the actors name .

BC: After receiving the information, the police rushed to the spot and took the victim to the hospital.
AC: After receiving the information , the police rushed to the spot and took the victim to the hospital .

BC: 20 thousand crores were paid by the state government.
AC: 20 thousand crores were paid by the state government .

BC: Kiara Advani plays the female lead in the film.
AC: Kiara Advani plays the female lead in the film .

BC: The dangers of wasting too much time in the pursuit of useless or even harmful information were recognized back in the days of King Solomon.
AC: The dangers of wasting too much time in the pursuit of useless or even harmful information were recognized back in the days of King Solomon .

BC: Recurve archer Atanu Das, table tennis player Madhurika Patkar also made it to the list.
AC: Recurve archer Atanu Das , table tennis player Madhurika Patkar also made it to the list .

BC: They killed 166 people including 18 security personnel.
AC: They killed 166 people including 18 security personnel .

BC: Director General, Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) Major General Asif Ghafoor tweeted.
AC: Director General , Inter-Services Public Relations ( ISPR ) Major General Asif Ghafoor tweeted .

BC: But not without...
AC: But not without ...

BC: He responded through his Twitter account.
AC: He responded through his Twitter account .

BC: The bench also sought Attorney General KK Venugopals assistance in the matter.
AC: The bench also sought Attorney General KK Venugopals assistance in the matter .

BC: There are presently twenty-two (22) reactors with a capacity of 6780 MW in operation in the country
AC: There are presently twenty-two ( 22 ) reactors with a capacity of 6780 MW in operation in the country

BC: Bollywood starlet Shraddha Kapoor is making her debut as the female lead in Telugu with this film.
AC: Bollywood starlet Shraddha Kapoor is making her debut as the female lead in Telugu with this film .

BC: Amaq claimed that 24 people had been killed in the attack carried out by what it described as ISIS commandos.
AC: Amaq claimed that 24 people had been killed in the attack carried out by what it described as ISIS commandos .

BC: I had time then.
AC: I had time then .

BC: The issue of AC vs NAC coaches was discussed with NiTiAyog and Ministry of Health and Family welfare before converting these coaches for Covid Patients.
AC: The issue of AC vs NAC coaches was discussed with NiTiAyog and Ministry of Health and Family welfare before converting these coaches for Covid Patients .

BC: But this was not discussed in the Cabinet.
AC: But this was not discussed in the Cabinet .

BC: Since 2014, BJP has swept state elections across the country.
AC: Since 2014 , BJP has swept state elections across the country .

BC: The bus fell into the rivulet about 40 feet deep.
AC: The bus fell into the rivulet about 40 feet deep .

BC: Time collapses.
AC: Time collapses .

BC: Do you like it?
AC: Do you like it ?

BC: Teachers will be given adequate training to teach in English, he said.
AC: Teachers will be given adequate training to teach in English , he said .

BC: Both studied together.
AC: Both studied together .

BC: What you need to have...
AC: What you need to have ...

BC: Direction: Surender Reddy
AC: Direction : Surender Reddy

BC: But thats unrealistic.
AC: But thats unrealistic .

BC: Meats and vegetables are typically stewed or marinated in herbs and spices, and then poured over rice or couscous, or eaten with bread.
AC: Meats and vegetables are typically stewed or marinated in herbs and spices , and then poured over rice or couscous , or eaten with bread .

BC: The usage is simple and easy to follow.
AC: The usage is simple and easy to follow .

BC: The film is being produced by Ram Charan under the banner of Konidela Productions.
AC: The film is being produced by Ram Charan under the banner of Konidela Productions .

BC: Aeroflot, Russias national carrier, said that the plane was forced to return to the airport for technical reasons, but did not elaborate.
AC: Aeroflot , Russias national carrier , said that the plane was forced to return to the airport for technical reasons , but did not elaborate .

BC: Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Bangalore
AC: Indian Institute of Management ( IIM ) , Bangalore

BC: He has four children.
AC: He has four children .

BC: Then he went to Delhi.
AC: Then he went to Delhi .

BC: Dry with a soft cloth.
AC: Dry with a soft cloth .

BC: Rahul Gandhi campaigned extensively during the Gujarat elections.
AC: Rahul Gandhi campaigned extensively during the Gujarat elections .

BC: Everything is there.
AC: Everything is there .

BC: I became an actor due to him.
AC: I became an actor due to him .

BC: The first look of the film was revealed recently.
AC: The first look of the film was revealed recently .

BC: It is a hill town.
AC: It is a hill town .

BC: Ironing can lead to hair breakage.
AC: Ironing can lead to hair breakage .

BC: He announced an ex gratia of Rs 10 lakh to the kin of those deceased.
AC: He announced an ex gratia of Rs 10 lakh to the kin of those deceased .

BC: What is the need.
AC: What is the need .

BC: the letter questioned.
AC: the letter questioned .

BC: LDL cholesterol levels should be less than 100 milligrams per deciliter.
AC: LDL cholesterol levels should be less than 100 milligrams per deciliter .

BC: Thats a reality.
AC: Thats a reality .

BC: The film unit has already completed the first schedule and they are gearing up for the second schedule.
AC: The film unit has already completed the first schedule and they are gearing up for the second schedule .

BC: I put myself back together again.
AC: I put myself back together again .

BC: Is one better than the other?
AC: Is one better than the other ?

BC: This has jolted the market.
AC: This has jolted the market .

BC: The officers were informed.
AC: The officers were informed .

BC: By then, they will have been tested, found faithful, and declared righteous for everlasting life in the Paradise earth. John 10: 16. Revelation 20: 5, 7 - 10.
AC: By then , they will have been tested , found faithful , and declared righteous for everlasting life in the Paradise earth . John 10 : 16 . Revelation 20 : 5 , 7 - 10 .

BC: They had shared the pictures on social media.
AC: They had shared the pictures on social media .

BC: New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi held a meeting with senior ministers past midnight today to review demonetisation and its impact
AC: New Delhi : Prime Minister Narendra Modi held a meeting with senior ministers past midnight today to review demonetisation and its impact

BC: He took her to a hotel.
AC: He took her to a hotel .

BC: It is not the real thing.
AC: It is not the real thing .

BC: NTR plays Komaram Bheem in the film while Charan plays Alluri Sitarama Raju in the movie.
AC: NTR plays Komaram Bheem in the film while Charan plays Alluri Sitarama Raju in the movie .

BC: The state government will give Rs 2 crore per annum to the fund.
AC: The state government will give Rs 2 crore per annum to the fund .

BC: Madhya Pradesh: The Madhya Pradesh government has relaxed night curfews by two hours and partially lifted weekend lockdowns in coronavirus-affected districts of the state, an official said
AC: Madhya Pradesh : The Madhya Pradesh government has relaxed night curfews by two hours and partially lifted weekend lockdowns in coronavirus-affected districts of the state , an official said

BC: This festival is a symbol of Telanganas cultural identity.
AC: This festival is a symbol of Telanganas cultural identity .

BC: But here is the secret.
AC: But here is the secret .

BC: Doesnt make sense.
AC: Doesnt make sense .

BC: He is already dead.
AC: He is already dead .

BC: The detained have been taken to Rajendra Nagar Police station.
AC: The detained have been taken to Rajendra Nagar Police station .

BC: Work will begin soon.
AC: Work will begin soon .

BC: But the movie failed to meet the expectations of the audience.
AC: But the movie failed to meet the expectations of the audience .

BC: Coronavirus cases in India are mounting by the day.
AC: Coronavirus cases in India are mounting by the day .

BC: Target: Shoulder, arms, core and leg muscles
AC: Target : Shoulder , arms , core and leg muscles

BC: Pawar had said that he was meeting with the PM to discuss the farmer issue in Maharashtra.
AC: Pawar had said that he was meeting with the PM to discuss the farmer issue in Maharashtra .

BC: There have been no casualties.
AC: There have been no casualties .

BC: But the waits not over yet.
AC: But the waits not over yet .

BC: Lakshmi Devi and has two sons and two daughters.
AC: Lakshmi Devi and has two sons and two daughters .

BC: A total of 50, 595 animals have been rescued.
AC: A total of 50 , 595 animals have been rescued .

BC: What qualities displayed by Abigail do you want to imitate?
AC: What qualities displayed by Abigail do you want to imitate ?

BC: How to choose a form?
AC: How to choose a form ?

BC: If your roommate feels that you have to be invited every time he or she goes anywhere, he or she might begin to feel smothered.
AC: If your roommate feels that you have to be invited every time he or she goes anywhere , he or she might begin to feel smothered .

BC: I'll take her with him.
AC: I 'll take her with him .

BC: What about the villains?
AC: What about the villains ?

BC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi, BJP National President Amit Shah and the chief ministers of all BJP-ruled states attended the oath-taking ceremony.
AC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi , BJP National President Amit Shah and the chief ministers of all BJP-ruled states attended the oath-taking ceremony .

BC: Why was that necessary?
AC: Why was that necessary ?

BC: It is classic!
AC: It is classic !

BC: Ram Kumar is the director of the film.
AC: Ram Kumar is the director of the film .

BC: Of Rehabiah: of the sons of Rehabiah, Isshiah the chief.
AC: Of Rehabiah : of the sons of Rehabiah , Isshiah the chief .

BC: Haemorrhagic stroke is caused by bleeding inside the brain.
AC: Haemorrhagic stroke is caused by bleeding inside the brain .

BC: 9,000 crores.
AC: 9,000 crores .

BC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi held meetings with Union Home Minister Amit Shah.
AC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi held meetings with Union Home Minister Amit Shah .

BC: Yes or no.
AC: Yes or no .

BC: Mahesh is said to be playing a CBI officer in the film.
AC: Mahesh is said to be playing a CBI officer in the film .

BC: The victim was sent to hospital for medical examination.
AC: The victim was sent to hospital for medical examination .

BC: That's an illness.
AC: That 's an illness .

BC: This sparked a war of words between ruling and Opposition parties.
AC: This sparked a war of words between ruling and Opposition parties .

BC: He said that Jayalalithaa always kept Sasikalas family away.
AC: He said that Jayalalithaa always kept Sasikalas family away .

BC: We mustnt dismiss anything.
AC: We mustnt dismiss anything .

BC: Ltd to take a loan of Rs 4.5 crore.
AC: Ltd to take a loan of Rs 4.5 crore .

BC: Similarly, the board has also approved filing another case against Nawaz Sharif, Geo Media Group founder Mir Shakilur Rahman and two others in a 54-kanal land case.
AC: Similarly , the board has also approved filing another case against Nawaz Sharif , Geo Media Group founder Mir Shakilur Rahman and two others in a 54-kanal land case .

BC: Market Value: Rs.
AC: Market Value : Rs.

BC: Our son and daughter are in the USA.
AC: Our son and daughter are in the USA .

BC: Be cautious while driving vehicle.
AC: Be cautious while driving vehicle .

BC: The result is high stress levels.
AC: The result is high stress levels .

BC: India were dominant the side right from the start.
AC: India were dominant the side right from the start .

BC: What information was helpful?
AC: What information was helpful ?

BC: We are thankful for Jehovahs blessings, including our being able to serve him as a united family.
AC: We are thankful for Jehovahs blessings , including our being able to serve him as a united family .

BC: This is the first suspected case of novel Coronavirus in Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh region.
AC: This is the first suspected case of novel Coronavirus in Punjab , Haryana and Chandigarh region .

BC: "He had created the character of Chacha Chaudhary for the Hindi magazine ""lotpot""."
AC: " He had created the character of Chacha Chaudhary for the Hindi magazine " " lotpot " . " "

BC: The film has been directed by S. Krishna and also stars Suniel Shetty and Aakanksha Singh in important roles.
AC: The film has been directed by S. Krishna and also stars Suniel Shetty and Aakanksha Singh in important roles .

BC: Sachin Tendulkar was the first batsman to score 200 runs in ODIs.
AC: Sachin Tendulkar was the first batsman to score 200 runs in ODIs .

BC: New Delhi: Defrauded Rs
AC: New Delhi : Defrauded Rs

BC: Those who yearn for righteousness on earth exclaim: O how long these iniquities have been multiplying! Yet, the end is at hand!
AC: Those who yearn for righteousness on earth exclaim : O how long these iniquities have been multiplying ! Yet , the end is at hand !

BC: The movie is being directed by Srinath Rajendran.
AC: The movie is being directed by Srinath Rajendran .

BC: The MoU was signed on 10th March, 2018.
AC: The MoU was signed on 10th March , 2018 .

BC: Bengaluru: JDS-Congress coalition government has collapsed in Karnataka.
AC: Bengaluru : JDS-Congress coalition government has collapsed in Karnataka .

BC: The company thus became the de facto ruler of large areas of the lower Gangetic plain by 1773.
AC: The company thus became the de facto ruler of large areas of the lower Gangetic plain by 1773 .

BC: Some evidences were also recorded in this regard.
AC: Some evidences were also recorded in this regard .

BC: This is all a political game.
AC: This is all a political game .

BC: That happened.
AC: That happened .

BC: You're the
AC: You 're the

BC: Hes th...
AC: Hes th ...

BC: The Delhi government is doing a good job on this front.
AC: The Delhi government is doing a good job on this front .

BC: Congress president Sonia Gandhi also met these former BSP leaders.
AC: Congress president Sonia Gandhi also met these former BSP leaders .

BC: Perhaps his enemies had intended to do away with him at sea. Paul had other concerns.
AC: Perhaps his enemies had intended to do away with him at sea . Paul had other concerns .

BC: The police later arrested Sadhu.
AC: The police later arrested Sadhu .

BC: Time passed.
AC: Time passed .

BC: All parties, except BJP, backed the resolution.
AC: All parties , except BJP , backed the resolution .

BC: People resorted to sloganeering against the government.
AC: People resorted to sloganeering against the government .

BC: These include Steel Authority of India Ltd ( SAIL ), NHPC Ltd , Oil and Natural Gas Corp. Ltd ( ONGC ), Rural Electrification Corp. Ltd (REC) and Power Finance Corp. Ltd (PFC).
AC: These include Steel Authority of India Ltd ( SAIL ) , NHPC Ltd , Oil and Natural Gas Corp. Ltd ( ONGC ) , Rural Electrification Corp. Ltd ( REC ) and Power Finance Corp. Ltd ( PFC ) .

BC: "I hope that the audience likes it too."""
AC: " I hope that the audience likes it too . " " "

BC: A few other former TDP MLAs have also joined the party.
AC: A few other former TDP MLAs have also joined the party .

BC: Always smiling.
AC: Always smiling .

BC: It is all grace of God.
AC: It is all grace of God .

BC: The term is used in two different ways.
AC: The term is used in two different ways .

BC: Dont eat.
AC: Dont eat .

BC: If not, move on.
AC: If not , move on .

BC: The fear is gone.
AC: The fear is gone .

BC: Most members supported the bill.
AC: Most members supported the bill .

BC: The images were posted on Facebook, too.
AC: The images were posted on Facebook , too .

BC: "They called it ""the industrial revolution."""
AC: " They called it " " the industrial revolution . " " "

BC: He died on the spot due to severe head injuries.
AC: He died on the spot due to severe head injuries .

BC: Ajay Devgn also plays a vital role in the film.
AC: Ajay Devgn also plays a vital role in the film .

BC: Then heat five tablespoons of oil in a pan.
AC: Then heat five tablespoons of oil in a pan .

BC: During the inquiry, new facts came to light.
AC: During the inquiry , new facts came to light .

BC: They were shifted to a hospital and are undergoing treatment.
AC: They were shifted to a hospital and are undergoing treatment .

BC: Genre: Horror Comedy
AC: Genre : Horror Comedy

BC: The numbers of users are increasing day by day.
AC: The numbers of users are increasing day by day .

BC: It can happen any moment.
AC: It can happen any moment .

BC: Another soldier was injured.
AC: Another soldier was injured .

BC: The film will be produced by Mythri Movie Makers.
AC: The film will be produced by Mythri Movie Makers .

BC: Other cabin features include touchscreen infotainment system, multifunction steering wheel, 3-zone climatronic AC and panoramic sunroof.
AC: Other cabin features include touchscreen infotainment system , multifunction steering wheel , 3-zone climatronic AC and panoramic sunroof .

BC: Health will pose no problems.
AC: Health will pose no problems .

BC: The Pakistan Army released a 46-second video showing a blindfolded man claiming he is IAF's Wing Commander Abhinandan.
AC: The Pakistan Army released a 46-second video showing a blindfolded man claiming he is IAF 's Wing Commander Abhinandan .

BC: SAIL has already ordered an inquiry into the incident.
AC: SAIL has already ordered an inquiry into the incident .

BC: It is extremely secure and confidential.
AC: It is extremely secure and confidential .

BC: Going forward.
AC: Going forward .

BC: I am not interested in politics.
AC: I am not interested in politics .

BC: "Are they his personal demands or demands related to Telangana?,"" she questioned"
AC: " Are they his personal demands or demands related to Telangana ? , " " she questioned "

BC: The girl was rushed to a local hospital in serious condition.
AC: The girl was rushed to a local hospital in serious condition .

BC: Here is the schedule for the Indian athletes in action on Friday, Aug 10 in London
AC: Here is the schedule for the Indian athletes in action on Friday , Aug 10 in London

BC: Where is the script?
AC: Where is the script ?

BC: They will be penalised.
AC: They will be penalised .

BC: Apart from this, members of the groups will also be able to see the Truecaller profile of the other participants and get to know who are they doing the conversation with.
AC: Apart from this , members of the groups will also be able to see the Truecaller profile of the other participants and get to know who are they doing the conversation with .

BC: Ravi Teja has pinned huge hopes on this film.
AC: Ravi Teja has pinned huge hopes on this film .

BC: They have a 15-month-old son.
AC: They have a 15-month-old son .

BC: Jehovah Cares for You! 11, 12.
AC: Jehovah Cares for You ! 11 , 12 .

BC: Oh yes.
AC: Oh yes .

BC: The temple has two windows.
AC: The temple has two windows .

BC: Rs5 lakh have been laid.
AC: Rs5 lakh have been laid .

BC: He was convicted in three cases.
AC: He was convicted in three cases .

BC: Such incidents have happened.
AC: Such incidents have happened .

BC: This is the way of alchemy.
AC: This is the way of alchemy .

BC: The film is jointly produced by Geetha Arts and Haarika and Haassinee Creations production houses.
AC: The film is jointly produced by Geetha Arts and Haarika and Haassinee Creations production houses .

BC: The students are being beaten up.
AC: The students are being beaten up .

BC: No need to add water.
AC: No need to add water .

BC: What is a Finance Bill?
AC: What is a Finance Bill ?

BC: Finance minister Sitharaman added.
AC: Finance minister Sitharaman added .

BC: Dausa has many places to visit like as Abhaneri and Mehandipur Balaji Temple.
AC: Dausa has many places to visit like as Abhaneri and Mehandipur Balaji Temple .

BC: He never said anything.
AC: He never said anything .

BC: Lets see!
AC: Lets see !

BC: What about Shivakumar?
AC: What about Shivakumar ?

BC: Recently released motion poster has created tremendous response.
AC: Recently released motion poster has created tremendous response .

BC: Other BJP leaders like Ashok Yadav, ex-MlA Dev Dayal, district BJP president Tunnu Gope, town president Krishna Kumar Sinha and others also addressed the gathering.
AC: Other BJP leaders like Ashok Yadav , ex-MlA Dev Dayal , district BJP president Tunnu Gope , town president Krishna Kumar Sinha and others also addressed the gathering .

BC: Serve with jam and cream.
AC: Serve with jam and cream .

BC: he was welcomed into the party by party chief YS Jagan Mohan Reddy.
AC: he was welcomed into the party by party chief YS Jagan Mohan Reddy .

BC: Her character will be major highlight in the film.
AC: Her character will be major highlight in the film .

BC: Nellikuduru: A woman killed her husband along with her paramour and his associates.
AC: Nellikuduru : A woman killed her husband along with her paramour and his associates .

BC: The case was investigated by the CBI.
AC: The case was investigated by the CBI .

BC: New Delhi: President Ram Nath Kovind, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Congress President Rahul Gandhi were among the leaders who greeted the people of Telangana on its Statehood Day on Sunday.
AC: New Delhi : President Ram Nath Kovind , Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Congress President Rahul Gandhi were among the leaders who greeted the people of Telangana on its Statehood Day on Sunday .

BC: The Bombay High Court has ordered a stay on the demolition carried out at Kangana's office.
AC: The Bombay High Court has ordered a stay on the demolition carried out at Kangana 's office .

BC: The camera rolled.
AC: The camera rolled .

BC: The woman is a resident of Delhi.
AC: The woman is a resident of Delhi .

BC: The four were current RBI deputy governor Urjit Patel, former deputy governors Rakesh Mohan and Subir Gokarn, and State Bank of India chair Arundhati Bhattacharya.
AC: The four were current RBI deputy governor Urjit Patel , former deputy governors Rakesh Mohan and Subir Gokarn , and State Bank of India chair Arundhati Bhattacharya .

BC: Modi government has refused to accept this position.
AC: Modi government has refused to accept this position .

BC: But Rahul Gandhi stoutly held his ground at that time.
AC: But Rahul Gandhi stoutly held his ground at that time .

BC: Corporate tax cut historic: Modi
AC: Corporate tax cut historic : Modi

BC: 106 crore.
AC: 106 crore .

BC: In unusual environments, osmosis can be very harmful to organisms.
AC: In unusual environments , osmosis can be very harmful to organisms .

BC: India poised for a huge score.
AC: India poised for a huge score .

BC: Police have registered FIR against them.
AC: Police have registered FIR against them .

BC: The victims approached the police after realising they were cheated.
AC: The victims approached the police after realising they were cheated .

BC: In Malayalam, 'Then' means honey and 'Mala' means hill.
AC: In Malayalam , ' Then ' means honey and ' Mala ' means hill .

BC: An inquiry was begun.
AC: An inquiry was begun .

BC: By then the mother has already died, but the three brothers were interviewed.
AC: By then the mother has already died , but the three brothers were interviewed .

BC: Sometimes the growth rate may increase, but inflation is not under control
AC: Sometimes the growth rate may increase , but inflation is not under control

BC: We are celebrating liberation.
AC: We are celebrating liberation .

BC: He asked what it was.
AC: He asked what it was .

BC: However, it happens sometimes.
AC: However , it happens sometimes .

BC: The number of India's coronavirus cases crossed 1600 today with over 200 cases reported across the country in the last 24 hours
AC: The number of India 's coronavirus cases crossed 1600 today with over 200 cases reported across the country in the last 24 hours

BC: This show will soon air on television.
AC: This show will soon air on television .

BC: Days, weeks and months have passed.
AC: Days , weeks and months have passed .

BC: 50 lakh was released.
AC: 50 lakh was released .

BC: They chatted every day on the Facebook.
AC: They chatted every day on the Facebook .

BC: You buy clothes for him?
AC: You buy clothes for him ?

BC: Does that mean anything?
AC: Does that mean anything ?

BC: The Philistines were guilty of taking Israelite exiles, or captives, and selling them to the Edomites, and some Israelites came into the hands of Tyrian slave traders.
AC: The Philistines were guilty of taking Israelite exiles , or captives , and selling them to the Edomites , and some Israelites came into the hands of Tyrian slave traders .

BC: However, he later returned to India.
AC: However , he later returned to India .

BC: You are saying that?
AC: You are saying that ?

BC: It surprised us.
AC: It surprised us .

BC: 12 people were killed in the incident.
AC: 12 people were killed in the incident .

BC: Now, let us look at the simplest testing strategy which is the statement coverage testing.
AC: Now , let us look at the simplest testing strategy which is the statement coverage testing .

BC: The shooting of the movie has been completed.
AC: The shooting of the movie has been completed .

BC: Google's India-born CEO Sundar Pichai has been appointed to the board of directors of Alphabet, the search giant's parent company has said.
AC: Google 's India-born CEO Sundar Pichai has been appointed to the board of directors of Alphabet , the search giant 's parent company has said .

BC: Wait & watch.
AC: Wait & watch .

BC: This is reality!
AC: This is reality !

BC: She herself knew that.
AC: She herself knew that .

BC: this is one question that haunts every girl's mind at least once in her life.
AC: this is one question that haunts every girl 's mind at least once in her life .

BC: IPL 2015: MI captain Rohit Sharma fined Rs 12 lakh
AC: IPL 2015 : MI captain Rohit Sharma fined Rs 12 lakh

BC: working in groups.
AC: working in groups .

BC: The decision of the Andhra Pradesh government to sell immovable assets belonging to Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanam (TTD) has drawn widespread condemnation from all quarters.
AC: The decision of the Andhra Pradesh government to sell immovable assets belonging to Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanam ( TTD ) has drawn widespread condemnation from all quarters .

BC: Self confidence increases.
AC: Self confidence increases .

BC: But the problem has been fixed.
AC: But the problem has been fixed .

BC: In essence, what does Isaiah 40: 26 say about Jehovahs power?
AC: In essence , what does Isaiah 40 : 26 say about Jehovahs power ?

BC: Add all the remaining ingredients together and mix well.
AC: Add all the remaining ingredients together and mix well .

BC: TTD EO Anil Kumar Singhal and Additional EO AV Dharma Reddy presented Theertha Prasadams and Laminated photo of Lord.
AC: TTD EO Anil Kumar Singhal and Additional EO AV Dharma Reddy presented Theertha Prasadams and Laminated photo of Lord .

BC: In Tripura and Nagaland, the Congress could not win a single seat.
AC: In Tripura and Nagaland , the Congress could not win a single seat .

BC: But hes a family man:
AC: But hes a family man :

BC: You dont know what that means?
AC: You dont know what that means ?

BC: He encouraged he got.
AC: He encouraged he got .

BC: Kohli thanked everyone.
AC: Kohli thanked everyone .

BC: Preparation: In a pan, saute refined oil, butter and cumin seeds.
AC: Preparation : In a pan , saute refined oil , butter and cumin seeds .

BC: 12:21 pm: Revised fiscal deficit at 3.5 per cent for 2017-18. Fiscal deficit for 2018-19 pegged at 3.3 per cent of GDP.
AC: 12 : 21 pm : Revised fiscal deficit at 3.5 per cent for 2017-18 . Fiscal deficit for 2018-19 pegged at 3.3 per cent of GDP .

BC: NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi interacted with the Central Ministers via video conference on Monday
AC: NEW DELHI : Prime Minister Narendra Modi interacted with the Central Ministers via video conference on Monday

BC: I am at home.
AC: I am at home .

BC: The film released amidst huge expectations.
AC: The film released amidst huge expectations .

BC: BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices closed higher around 0.5 per cent each.
AC: BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices closed higher around 0.5 per cent each .

BC: After that, rinse hair thoroughly with warm water.
AC: After that , rinse hair thoroughly with warm water .

BC: That is not the truth.
AC: That is not the truth .

BC: Two Indian all-rounders have accomplished the said double four times each - Sachin Tendulkar and Virender Sehwag.
AC: Two Indian all-rounders have accomplished the said double four times each - Sachin Tendulkar and Virender Sehwag .

BC: Earlier, tax rates for large corporates was 30 per cent, and 25 per cent for new manufacturing companies.
AC: Earlier , tax rates for large corporates was 30 per cent , and 25 per cent for new manufacturing companies .

BC: According to reliable sources,...
AC: According to reliable sources , ...

BC: 50 lakh.
AC: 50 lakh .

BC: Allari Naresh will be seen in a vital role in the film.
AC: Allari Naresh will be seen in a vital role in the film .

BC: Who will bring me into the strong city? Who has led me to Edom?
AC: Who will bring me into the strong city ? Who has led me to Edom ?

BC: People were leaving for their homes.
AC: People were leaving for their homes .

BC: We need many more rooms.
AC: We need many more rooms .

BC: Earlier, the central government had approved emergency funds for the Indian Army to buy any weapons systems under Rs 500 crore rupees.
AC: Earlier , the central government had approved emergency funds for the Indian Army to buy any weapons systems under Rs 500 crore rupees .

BC: Cross-Origin Request Blocked: The Same Origin Policy disallows reading the remote resource at %1$S. (Reason: CORS request not http).
AC: Cross-Origin Request Blocked : The Same Origin Policy disallows reading the remote resource at % 1 $ S. ( Reason : CORS request not http ) .

BC: However, Malik was not present there.
AC: However , Malik was not present there .

BC: The teaser of the film was released recently.
AC: The teaser of the film was released recently .

BC: Constitution is Holy book of democracy.
AC: Constitution is Holy book of democracy .

BC: Should you be reading it?
AC: Should you be reading it ?

BC: Superstar Mahesh Babu has a huge fan following across the universe.
AC: Superstar Mahesh Babu has a huge fan following across the universe .

BC: 'Saaho' is a lavish budget film being made with a whopping amount of around Rs 350 Cr.
AC: 'Saaho ' is a lavish budget film being made with a whopping amount of around Rs 350 Cr .

BC: Indian bowler Jaydev Unadkat was taken by Rajasthan Royals for 11.5 crore.
AC: Indian bowler Jaydev Unadkat was taken by Rajasthan Royals for 11.5 crore .

BC: He was attacked by swords and lathis.
AC: He was attacked by swords and lathis .

BC: The film is being directed by Kabir Khan.
AC: The film is being directed by Kabir Khan .

BC: He shared this good news with the fans, on Twitter.
AC: He shared this good news with the fans , on Twitter .

BC: But she lost to Senator Sanders in Kansas and Nebraska.
AC: But she lost to Senator Sanders in Kansas and Nebraska .

BC: Information Technology, pharmaceuticals, auto-components, and machinery are some other areas of promising collaboration.
AC: Information Technology , pharmaceuticals , auto-components , and machinery are some other areas of promising collaboration .

BC: It is a new process.
AC: It is a new process .

BC: Several netizens commented on the post.
AC: Several netizens commented on the post .

BC: to listen to the words of my servants the prophets, whom I send to you, even rising up early and sending them, but you have not listened.
AC: to listen to the words of my servants the prophets , whom I send to you , even rising up early and sending them , but you have not listened .

BC: The then US President Richard Nixons National Security Adviser Henry Kissinger discussed various possibilities due to deteriorating Indo-Pak ties in the wake of India's military offensive in East Pakistan.
AC: The then US President Richard Nixons National Security Adviser Henry Kissinger discussed various possibilities due to deteriorating Indo-Pak ties in the wake of India 's military offensive in East Pakistan .

BC: But for some reasons, they didnt happen.
AC: But for some reasons , they didnt happen .

BC: If they again stack or kill, they roll again, and so on until they can only place or cannot move.
AC: If they again stack or kill , they roll again , and so on until they can only place or cannot move .

BC: We have the manpower.
AC: We have the manpower .

BC: For long.
AC: For long .

BC: Everyone squirmed.
AC: Everyone squirmed .

BC: This is great.
AC: This is great .

BC: Pickets had been posted in the area to ensure no untoward incident.
AC: Pickets had been posted in the area to ensure no untoward incident .

BC: However, the new date has not yet been announced.
AC: However , the new date has not yet been announced .

BC: Production values is good.
AC: Production values is good .

BC: Direction: VJ Gopinath
AC: Direction : VJ Gopinath

BC: He played the character of a doctor.
AC: He played the character of a doctor .

BC: 34 years since Operation Blue Star: What led to the birth of the Khalistan Movement
AC: 34 years since Operation Blue Star : What led to the birth of the Khalistan Movement

BC: The kid is fantastic.
AC: The kid is fantastic .

BC: His family members and neighbours are being questioned.
AC: His family members and neighbours are being questioned .

BC: Is the investment worthwhile?
AC: Is the investment worthwhile ?

BC: Hats off, Yuvraj said.
AC: Hats off , Yuvraj said .

BC: Exchange-traded funds (ETF)
AC: Exchange-traded funds ( ETF )

BC: But there is nothing here.
AC: But there is nothing here .

BC: Parking is a problem.
AC: Parking is a problem .

BC: It is BJPs government.
AC: It is BJPs government .

BC: There is no provision of re-polling in any polling centre which records more than 14 percent of tendered vote.
AC: There is no provision of re-polling in any polling centre which records more than 14 percent of tendered vote .

BC: Full details.
AC: Full details .

BC: All learning material and exam content has been developed by expert faculty from across the country.
AC: All learning material and exam content has been developed by expert faculty from across the country .

BC: The Modi government is past the halfway mark.
AC: The Modi government is past the halfway mark .

BC: Or is that really so?
AC: Or is that really so ?

BC: The event was designed for both kids and adults.
AC: The event was designed for both kids and adults .

BC: Banganpali was mixed with state.
AC: Banganpali was mixed with state .

BC: Why had she gone to a pub?
AC: Why had she gone to a pub ?

BC: The worried parents of the students also flocked the hospital when they got to know about the incident.
AC: The worried parents of the students also flocked the hospital when they got to know about the incident .

BC: Four workers had sustained burn injuries in the incident.
AC: Four workers had sustained burn injuries in the incident .

BC: This only proves that the TDP-BJP alliance continues.
AC: This only proves that the TDP-BJP alliance continues .

BC: They don't have the signatures.
AC: They don 't have the signatures .

BC: Hereis the full price list (all prices are ex-showroom, Delhi)
AC: Hereis the full price list ( all prices are ex-showroom , Delhi )

BC: MRI and CT of the heart are additional investigations which supplement the diagnosis.
AC: MRI and CT of the heart are additional investigations which supplement the diagnosis .

BC: was going to happen.
AC: was going to happen .

BC: The full song is currently available on Youtube.
AC: The full song is currently available on Youtube .

BC: Manish Pandey and Ashrita Shetty tied the knot in Mumbai.
AC: Manish Pandey and Ashrita Shetty tied the knot in Mumbai .

BC: I didnt feel like doing anything.
AC: I didnt feel like doing anything .

BC: Your spine needs to be erect.
AC: Your spine needs to be erect .

BC: Rajasthan Congress chief Sachin Pilot and former Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot were also present at the rally.
AC: Rajasthan Congress chief Sachin Pilot and former Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot were also present at the rally .

BC: With the arrival of COVID-19 in India, the problem has become graver
AC: With the arrival of COVID-19 in India , the problem has become graver

BC: Reserves: Richard Gleeson, Lewis Gregory, Liam Livingston
AC: Reserves : Richard Gleeson , Lewis Gregory , Liam Livingston

BC: As per Patel's wishes, he was buried next to the graves of his parents.
AC: As per Patel 's wishes , he was buried next to the graves of his parents .

BC: TCS' Rs.
AC: TCS ' Rs.

BC: 43 Covid ve new cases reported, 45 discharged and three deaths reported in the last 24 hours after testing 8388 samples.
AC: 43 Covid ve new cases reported , 45 discharged and three deaths reported in the last 24 hours after testing 8388 samples .

BC: The NCB is currently investigating the drugs angle in Sushant Singh Rajput death case.
AC: The NCB is currently investigating the drugs angle in Sushant Singh Rajput death case .

BC: Tharun Bhascker, Anasuya, Abhinav Gomatam, and others are playing crucial roles in the film.
AC: Tharun Bhascker , Anasuya , Abhinav Gomatam , and others are playing crucial roles in the film .

BC: the movie seems to have coughed up over Rs 100Cr even before its release.
AC: the movie seems to have coughed up over Rs 100Cr even before its release .

BC: Vatsa did not appear.
AC: Vatsa did not appear .

BC: There has been a continuous debate on the issue.
AC: There has been a continuous debate on the issue .

BC: The police are working hard to curtail the smuggling of drugs.
AC: The police are working hard to curtail the smuggling of drugs .

BC: I havent said that.
AC: I havent said that .

BC: Such sensitive ones might have felt instinctively offended at seeing their Jewish brothers in Christ eating such food.
AC: Such sensitive ones might have felt instinctively offended at seeing their Jewish brothers in Christ eating such food .

BC: And the list continues.
AC: And the list continues .

BC: His condition deteriorated and he was shifted to the ICU.
AC: His condition deteriorated and he was shifted to the ICU .

BC: Police said that they have registered a case and are investigating.
AC: Police said that they have registered a case and are investigating .

BC: He added that a committee would also be constituted soon for this.
AC: He added that a committee would also be constituted soon for this .

BC: The Constitution of India allow everybody to contest the election.
AC: The Constitution of India allow everybody to contest the election .

BC: The young woman died on the spot.
AC: The young woman died on the spot .

BC: He has one younger brother named Khayyum, who is also an actor.
AC: He has one younger brother named Khayyum , who is also an actor .

BC: It's been weeks now, me coming here, and-- and, um...
AC: It 's been weeks now , me coming here , and-- and , um ...

BC: What is meant by that?
AC: What is meant by that ?

BC: The Ministry released an advisory for managing Health care workers working in COVID and Non-COVID areas of the hospital which can be accessed at Page 1 of 4 Dated 18th June, 2020 Ministry of Health Family Welfare Directorate General of Health Services (EMR Division) The Ministry has also issued an illustrated guide for COVID appropriate behaviour which can be accessed at Technical queries related to COVID-19 may be sent to technicalquery.covid19gov.in and other queries on ncov2019gov.in and CovidIndiaSeva .
AC: The Ministry released an advisory for managing Health care workers working in COVID and Non-COVID areas of the hospital which can be accessed at Page 1 of 4 Dated 18th June , 2020 Ministry of Health Family Welfare Directorate General of Health Services ( EMR Division ) The Ministry has also issued an illustrated guide for COVID appropriate behaviour which can be accessed at Technical queries related to COVID-19 may be sent to technicalquery.covid19gov.in and other queries on ncov2019gov.in and CovidIndiaSeva .

BC: The Congress has failed to open an account.
AC: The Congress has failed to open an account .

BC: It is a Unesco world heritage site.
AC: It is a Unesco world heritage site .

BC: For this, some help is definitely required.
AC: For this , some help is definitely required .

BC: Are eggs good for our health?
AC: Are eggs good for our health ?

BC: The film, directed by Lokesh Kanagaraj, has appealed to audiences and critics alike.
AC: The film , directed by Lokesh Kanagaraj , has appealed to audiences and critics alike .

BC: I never saw such a design before.
AC: I never saw such a design before .

BC: Am shocked.
AC: Am shocked .

BC: When did the appointed times of the nations begin, how long did they last, and when did they end?
AC: When did the appointed times of the nations begin , how long did they last , and when did they end ?

BC: The Chief Minister has agreed to this.
AC: The Chief Minister has agreed to this .

BC: He did not have the courage.
AC: He did not have the courage .

BC: At this time of...
AC: At this time of ...

BC: Washington: The presidential elections in the United States of America are underway in full swing.
AC: Washington : The presidential elections in the United States of America are underway in full swing .

BC: After this, he joined Congress.
AC: After this , he joined Congress .

BC: Jagjivan Rams daughter and former Lok Sabha speaker Meira Kumar is the Congress candidate from Sasaram.
AC: Jagjivan Rams daughter and former Lok Sabha speaker Meira Kumar is the Congress candidate from Sasaram .

BC: Here are 5 powerful herbs that can help you cope with stress, improve mental health
AC: Here are 5 powerful herbs that can help you cope with stress , improve mental health

BC: Technical queries related to COVID-19 may be emailed at technicalquery.covid19@gov.in and other queries on ncov2019@gov.in .
AC: Technical queries related to COVID-19 may be emailed at technicalquery.covid19 @ gov.in and other queries on ncov2019 @ gov.in .

BC: He has two children from this marriage.
AC: He has two children from this marriage .

BC: The men are good.
AC: The men are good .

BC: In the absence of Rohit Sharma, KL Rahul has been named as the vice-captain for the limited-overs.
AC: In the absence of Rohit Sharma , KL Rahul has been named as the vice-captain for the limited-overs .

BC: Pakistan was hopeful of finding large oil and gas reserves in its territorial waters in the Arabian Sea.
AC: Pakistan was hopeful of finding large oil and gas reserves in its territorial waters in the Arabian Sea .

BC: There is also a 32MP selfie camera.
AC: There is also a 32MP selfie camera .

BC: Its the best thing ever.
AC: Its the best thing ever .

BC: The body is then carried to the graveyard and buried.
AC: The body is then carried to the graveyard and buried .

BC: Union ministers and BJP leaders Nitin Gadkari.
AC: Union ministers and BJP leaders Nitin Gadkari .

BC: There is no truth to this.
AC: There is no truth to this .

BC: He fell in love with her.
AC: He fell in love with her .

BC: Investigation has to be done.
AC: Investigation has to be done .

BC: Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan said that until the security team gave clearance, the Pakistani cricketers will not depart for India.
AC: Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan said that until the security team gave clearance , the Pakistani cricketers will not depart for India .

BC: Lucky Colour: Light Pink
AC: Lucky Colour : Light Pink

BC: Their say doesnt matter.
AC: Their say doesnt matter .

BC: The incident has generated sensation in the locality.
AC: The incident has generated sensation in the locality .

BC: We will try to play our best game, he said.
AC: We will try to play our best game , he said .

BC: Speaking to Sakshi TV on Wednesday, he said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi, during his televised address to the nation on Tuesday night, had spoken about these same aspects which the Chief Minister had requested earlier
AC: Speaking to Sakshi TV on Wednesday , he said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi , during his televised address to the nation on Tuesday night , had spoken about these same aspects which the Chief Minister had requested earlier

BC: 7 million.
AC: 7 million .

BC: By doing this, the Congress...
AC: By doing this , the Congress ...

BC: Method: Soak moong dal overnight and drain well before cooking.
AC: Method : Soak moong dal overnight and drain well before cooking .

BC: Its recently released song and teaser have also garnered a good response.
AC: Its recently released song and teaser have also garnered a good response .

BC: Dhoni and Virat Kohli.
AC: Dhoni and Virat Kohli .

BC: Dance and cultural programmes was also presented by the students.
AC: Dance and cultural programmes was also presented by the students .

BC: Kolkata is the capital of the Indian state of West Bengal.
AC: Kolkata is the capital of the Indian state of West Bengal .

BC: What are vegetables?
AC: What are vegetables ?

BC: All these things will help us in next few weeks., He said. 7.
AC: All these things will help us in next few weeks . , He said . 7 .

BC: For farmers, Rs.
AC: For farmers , Rs.

BC: The Railways has suspended all regular passenger trains indefinitely.
AC: The Railways has suspended all regular passenger trains indefinitely .

BC: They did not wish to.
AC: They did not wish to .

BC: West Indies won the toss and elected to bowl.
AC: West Indies won the toss and elected to bowl .

BC: From time to time, elders endeavor to visit disfellowshipped individuals who are not actively engaged in wrongdoing.
AC: From time to time , elders endeavor to visit disfellowshipped individuals who are not actively engaged in wrongdoing .

BC: Despite the stringent restrictions in country in April due to COVID-19 lockdown Company recorded fertilizer sale of 3.62 Lakh MT in April' 20 compared to 2.12 Lakh MT in the same period last year.
AC: Despite the stringent restrictions in country in April due to COVID-19 lockdown Company recorded fertilizer sale of 3.62 Lakh MT in April ' 20 compared to 2.12 Lakh MT in the same period last year .

BC: So they need to do that.
AC: So they need to do that .

BC: There are playgrounds and childrens play areas.
AC: There are playgrounds and childrens play areas .

BC: Or are you getting hitched?
AC: Or are you getting hitched ?

BC: Adilabad, Peddapalle, Karimnagar, Nizamabad, Zahirabad, Medak, Malkajgiri, Secunderabad, Hyderabad, Chevella, Mahbubnagar, Nagarkurnool, Nalgonda, Bhongir, Warangal, Mahabubabad, Khammam, Araku, Srikakulam, Vizianagaram, Visakhapatnam, Anakapalle, Kakinada, Amalapuram, Rajahmundry, Narsapuram, Elluru, Machilipatnam, Vijayawada, Guntur, Narasaraopet, Bapatla, Ongole, Nandyal, Kurnool, Anantapur, Hindupur, Kadapa, Nellore, Tirupati, Rajampet, Chittoor, Arunachal West, Arunachal East, Tezpur, Kaliabor, Jorhat, Dibrugarh, Lakhimpur, Aurangabad, Gaya, Nawada, Jamui, Baramulla, Jammu, Wardha, Ramtek, Nagpur, Bhandara-Gondiya, Gadchiroli-Chimur, Chandrapur, Yavatmal-Washim, Outer Manipur, Shillong, Tura, Mizoram, Nagaland, Kalahandi, Nabarangpur, Berhampur, Koraput, Sikkim, Tripura West, Saharanpur, Kairana, Muzaffarnagar, Bijnor, Meerut, Baghpat, Ghaziabad, Gautam Buddh Nagar, Cooch Behar, Alipurduars, Bastar, Tehri Garhwal, Garhwal, Almora, Nainital-Udhamsingh Nagar, Hardwar, Lakshadweep and Andaman Nicobar Islands.
AC: Adilabad , Peddapalle , Karimnagar , Nizamabad , Zahirabad , Medak , Malkajgiri , Secunderabad , Hyderabad , Chevella , Mahbubnagar , Nagarkurnool , Nalgonda , Bhongir , Warangal , Mahabubabad , Khammam , Araku , Srikakulam , Vizianagaram , Visakhapatnam , Anakapalle , Kakinada , Amalapuram , Rajahmundry , Narsapuram , Elluru , Machilipatnam , Vijayawada , Guntur , Narasaraopet , Bapatla , Ongole , Nandyal , Kurnool , Anantapur , Hindupur , Kadapa , Nellore , Tirupati , Rajampet , Chittoor , Arunachal West , Arunachal East , Tezpur , Kaliabor , Jorhat , Dibrugarh , Lakhimpur , Aurangabad , Gaya , Nawada , Jamui , Baramulla , Jammu , Wardha , Ramtek , Nagpur , Bhandara-Gondiya , Gadchiroli-Chimur , Chandrapur , Yavatmal-Washim , Outer Manipur , Shillong , Tura , Mizoram , Nagaland , Kalahandi , Nabarangpur , Berhampur , Koraput , Sikkim , Tripura West , Saharanpur , Kairana , Muzaffarnagar , Bijnor , Meerut , Baghpat , Ghaziabad , Gautam Buddh Nagar , Cooch Behar , Alipurduars , Bastar , Tehri Garhwal , Garhwal , Almora , Nainital-Udhamsingh Nagar , Hardwar , Lakshadweep and Andaman Nicobar Islands .

BC: Police has registered a case and an inquiry has been started into the incident.
AC: Police has registered a case and an inquiry has been started into the incident .

BC: These facilities are located at the National Institutes of Indian Council of Medical Research, at Kolkata, Mumbai and Noida.
AC: These facilities are located at the National Institutes of Indian Council of Medical Research , at Kolkata , Mumbai and Noida .

BC: Modi has struck up a friendship with US President Donald Trump.
AC: Modi has struck up a friendship with US President Donald Trump .

BC: 7,500 each.
AC: 7,500 each .

BC: In a statement, Mayawati said, It is being made clear again that the Bahujan Samaj Party will not have any electoral alliance with the Congress in any state.
AC: In a statement , Mayawati said , It is being made clear again that the Bahujan Samaj Party will not have any electoral alliance with the Congress in any state .

BC: More than 2,000 people were injured.
AC: More than 2,000 people were injured .

BC: The voting is likely to take place in the evening.
AC: The voting is likely to take place in the evening .

BC: I laud President Dutertes commitment to bringing about inclusive development and to fighting corruption.
AC: I laud President Dutertes commitment to bringing about inclusive development and to fighting corruption .

BC: Co-operate with the government.
AC: Co-operate with the government .

BC: She died at the age of 21because of tuberculosis.
AC: She died at the age of 21because of tuberculosis .

BC: Women are different from men.
AC: Women are different from men .

BC: "The Capetian Kings were descended from the Robertines, who had produced two Frankish kings, and previously held the title of """"Duke of the Franks"""" (""""dux Francorum"""")."
AC: " The Capetian Kings were descended from the Robertines , who had produced two Frankish kings , and previously held the title of " " " " Duke of the Franks " " " " ( " " " " dux Francorum " " " " ) . "

BC: This leads to the increased weight gain.
AC: This leads to the increased weight gain .

BC: The room has been divided into three sections.
AC: The room has been divided into three sections .

BC: Local residents were aiding rescue teams in carrying out operations, they added.
AC: Local residents were aiding rescue teams in carrying out operations , they added .

BC: Former chief ministers Akhilesh Yadav, Mulayam Singh Yadav, Mayawati, Rajnath Singh, ND Tiwari and Kalyan Singh had to vacate their bungalows.
AC: Former chief ministers Akhilesh Yadav , Mulayam Singh Yadav , Mayawati , Rajnath Singh , ND Tiwari and Kalyan Singh had to vacate their bungalows .

BC: I deem it a special privilege.
AC: I deem it a special privilege .

BC: The application process has already begun.
AC: The application process has already begun .

BC: thankful to you.
AC: thankful to you .

BC: Many types of low-carb diets exist.
AC: Many types of low-carb diets exist .

BC: That was the last time I saw her.
AC: That was the last time I saw her .

BC: The two parties made an effort, though.
AC: The two parties made an effort , though .

BC: Police detained several students.
AC: Police detained several students .

BC: The truth is more nuanced.
AC: The truth is more nuanced .

BC: During the past few days, there have been
AC: During the past few days , there have been

BC: Chennur is a village in Gudur mandal in Nellore district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
AC: Chennur is a village in Gudur mandal in Nellore district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .

BC: How would this work in practice?
AC: How would this work in practice ?

BC: Dhoni also became the first cricketer to play 350 ODIs at a stretch as a designated wicket-keeper.
AC: Dhoni also became the first cricketer to play 350 ODIs at a stretch as a designated wicket-keeper .

BC: The results of Telangana are also surprising.
AC: The results of Telangana are also surprising .

BC: He has a wife and three children.
AC: He has a wife and three children .

BC: Bombhaat is directed by Raghavendra Varma and produced by Vishwas Hannurkar...
AC: Bombhaat is directed by Raghavendra Varma and produced by Vishwas Hannurkar ...

BC: Governments keep changing.
AC: Governments keep changing .

BC: Complete proteins contain all the essential amino acids, e.g., animal proteins found in meat, fish, poultry, eggs, milk and milk products.
AC: Complete proteins contain all the essential amino acids , e.g. , animal proteins found in meat , fish , poultry , eggs , milk and milk products .

BC: But it is very different.
AC: But it is very different .

BC: 16,000 crore.
AC: 16,000 crore .

BC: The girl sneezed.
AC: The girl sneezed .

BC: What he has told is a hundred percent true.
AC: What he has told is a hundred percent true .

BC: This lowers the prices.
AC: This lowers the prices .

BC: The doctors even separated my husband and me to increase the pressure on us to consent to a blood transfusion.
AC: The doctors even separated my husband and me to increase the pressure on us to consent to a blood transfusion .

BC: Central European, Microsoft
AC: Central European , Microsoft

BC: Around 200 persons were present in the ceremony.
AC: Around 200 persons were present in the ceremony .

BC: Where are the drones?
AC: Where are the drones ?

BC: Click to see pictures.
AC: Click to see pictures .

BC: Ravindranath participated.
AC: Ravindranath participated .

BC: One positive case of novel coronavirus has been foundin Kerala.
AC: One positive case of novel coronavirus has been foundin Kerala .

BC: The two speakers are placed on the lower side panel on either sides of the microUSB slot.
AC: The two speakers are placed on the lower side panel on either sides of the microUSB slot .

BC: Rahul Gandhi mocks it.
AC: Rahul Gandhi mocks it .

BC: Two people were killed in the terror attack while three got injured and remain in the hospital for treatment.
AC: Two people were killed in the terror attack while three got injured and remain in the hospital for treatment .

BC: Don't go anywhere.
AC: Don 't go anywhere .

BC: It was traveler and philanthropist Jonas Hanway who changed the history of the umbrella in England.
AC: It was traveler and philanthropist Jonas Hanway who changed the history of the umbrella in England .

BC: On Saturday, fearing BJPs attack on them, the Congress shifted 14 MLAs to Jaipur
AC: On Saturday , fearing BJPs attack on them , the Congress shifted 14 MLAs to Jaipur

BC: A most endearing quality of Bible writers is their honesty even in regard to their own failings.
AC: A most endearing quality of Bible writers is their honesty even in regard to their own failings .

BC: Dambal is known for its 12th-century Chalukya Doddabasappa Temple.
AC: Dambal is known for its 12th-century Chalukya Doddabasappa Temple .

BC: In the corresponding period a year ago, the company posted a profit of Rs.
AC: In the corresponding period a year ago , the company posted a profit of Rs.

BC: He also congratulated Principal Secretary for Panchayat Raj Sandeep Kumar Sultania and commissioner Raghunandan Rao and other officials.
AC: He also congratulated Principal Secretary for Panchayat Raj Sandeep Kumar Sultania and commissioner Raghunandan Rao and other officials .

BC: Opposers must know that.
AC: Opposers must know that .

BC: Im not obsessed with my family.
AC: Im not obsessed with my family .

BC: "I will be in the movie."""
AC: " I will be in the movie . " " "

BC: But with a bit of hesitancy.
AC: But with a bit of hesitancy .

BC: There is no rift between them.
AC: There is no rift between them .

BC: Every character in the film gets importance.
AC: Every character in the film gets importance .

BC: Protesting against the politics of murder, the Kurnool district bandh is observed a bundh on Monday
AC: Protesting against the politics of murder , the Kurnool district bandh is observed a bundh on Monday

BC: We give you the details.
AC: We give you the details .

BC: So there is no need of a CBI inquiry.
AC: So there is no need of a CBI inquiry .

BC: Doctors are treating him.
AC: Doctors are treating him .

BC: Kim Yo Jong, sister of North Korea's leader Kim Jong Un.
AC: Kim Yo Jong , sister of North Korea 's leader Kim Jong Un .

BC: And then listen.
AC: And then listen .

BC: They said if their demands were not met the agitation would be intensified.
AC: They said if their demands were not met the agitation would be intensified .

BC: I did not say that.
AC: I did not say that .

BC: "All these evil things come from within, and defile the man."""
AC: " All these evil things come from within , and defile the man . " " "

BC: It was then the building collapsed.
AC: It was then the building collapsed .

BC: Punjab Chief Minister Capt Amarinder Singh mourned the death of martyr of Indian Air Force Arjan Singh through a tweet.
AC: Punjab Chief Minister Capt Amarinder Singh mourned the death of martyr of Indian Air Force Arjan Singh through a tweet .

BC: The Asian...
AC: The Asian ...

BC: Overall, with the tank filled, the bike weights 184 kg
AC: Overall , with the tank filled , the bike weights 184 kg

BC: But then that is another matter.
AC: But then that is another matter .

BC: Advani could not become the prime minister.
AC: Advani could not become the prime minister .

BC: Rishi Kapoor's wife, actress Neetu Kapoor, Shashi Kapoor.
AC: Rishi Kapoor 's wife , actress Neetu Kapoor , Shashi Kapoor .

BC: Not given.
AC: Not given .

BC: When do they do it?
AC: When do they do it ?

BC: Were mayhem.
AC: Were mayhem .

BC: Despite calling ourselves a modern country on the basis of an ancient civilisation, we continue to look down upon them as something inanimate
AC: Despite calling ourselves a modern country on the basis of an ancient civilisation , we continue to look down upon them as something inanimate

BC: Then he quit the job and entered the business of property dealing.
AC: Then he quit the job and entered the business of property dealing .

BC: I have a health insurance of 5 lakh.
AC: I have a health insurance of 5 lakh .

BC: I dont want to live.
AC: I dont want to live .

BC: asked Shastri.
AC: asked Shastri .

BC: But he kept fighting hard till the last point.
AC: But he kept fighting hard till the last point .

BC: And, behold, there was a man which had his hand withered. And they asked him, saying, Is it lawful to heal on the sabbath days? that they might accuse him.
AC: And , behold , there was a man which had his hand withered . And they asked him , saying , Is it lawful to heal on the sabbath days ? that they might accuse him .

BC: A must buy!
AC: A must buy !

BC: Maulekhi said.
AC: Maulekhi said .

BC: to resolve the issues.
AC: to resolve the issues .

BC: However, the smartphone is yet to make its way to the Indian market.
AC: However , the smartphone is yet to make its way to the Indian market .

BC: Sira says.
AC: Sira says .

BC: He went to the kitchen.
AC: He went to the kitchen .

BC: The children of Judah fought against Jerusalem, and took it, and struck it with the edge of the sword, and set the city on fire.
AC: The children of Judah fought against Jerusalem , and took it , and struck it with the edge of the sword , and set the city on fire .

BC: They demanded action against the guilty persons.
AC: They demanded action against the guilty persons .

BC: Prime Minister had been holding meetings on a daily basis wherein he is updated regularly by the Cabinet Secretary and the Principal Secretary to the Prime Ministers Office.
AC: Prime Minister had been holding meetings on a daily basis wherein he is updated regularly by the Cabinet Secretary and the Principal Secretary to the Prime Ministers Office .

BC: You will get good news from children.
AC: You will get good news from children .

BC: The hotel allows free of charge parking to its guests and also free internet.
AC: The hotel allows free of charge parking to its guests and also free internet .

BC: Fine for other offences, such as driving without a license has been increased from Rs.
AC: Fine for other offences , such as driving without a license has been increased from Rs.

BC: Efforts are underway to change this.
AC: Efforts are underway to change this .

BC: A committee was set up by the Union Finance Ministry on the issue.
AC: A committee was set up by the Union Finance Ministry on the issue .

BC: What a lap!
AC: What a lap !

BC: His condition is serious.
AC: His condition is serious .

BC: The state governments should take responsibility for the incidents, he said.
AC: The state governments should take responsibility for the incidents , he said .

BC: The dam covers Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Maharashtra and Rajasthan.
AC: The dam covers Madhya Pradesh , Gujarat , Maharashtra and Rajasthan .

BC: "The woman took the two men and hid them. Then she said, ""Yes, the men came to me, but I didn't know where they came from."
AC: " The woman took the two men and hid them . Then she said , " " Yes , the men came to me , but I didn 't know where they came from . "

BC: What are the types of leukaemia?
AC: What are the types of leukaemia ?

BC: Nifty Bank up over 2%
AC: Nifty Bank up over 2 %

BC: "I am not fighting against any individual,"" he said."
AC: " I am not fighting against any individual , " " he said . "

BC: After receiving the information about the accident, police rushed to the spot
AC: After receiving the information about the accident , police rushed to the spot

BC: Kohli breaks Dhoni's record
AC: Kohli breaks Dhoni 's record

BC: I have a son and a daughter.
AC: I have a son and a daughter .

BC: The females respond by shaking their heads.
AC: The females respond by shaking their heads .

BC: From 1941 to 1942 two thousand translators were trained.
AC: From 1941 to 1942 two thousand translators were trained .

BC: Like as a father pitieth his children, so the LORD pitieth them that fear him.
AC: Like as a father pitieth his children , so the LORD pitieth them that fear him .

BC: As many as 10 criminal cases including of rape, robbery, theft and dacoity etc.
AC: As many as 10 criminal cases including of rape , robbery , theft and dacoity etc .

BC: Children are Gods gift.
AC: Children are Gods gift .

BC: And what after that?
AC: And what after that ?

BC: The police reached the spot as soon as the incident was reported.
AC: The police reached the spot as soon as the incident was reported .

BC: Gandhi also questioned Defence Minister Nirmala Sitharamans visit to France.
AC: Gandhi also questioned Defence Minister Nirmala Sitharamans visit to France .

BC: Union Minister Smriti Irani tweeted.
AC: Union Minister Smriti Irani tweeted .

BC: That's why I didn't hear about it.
AC: That 's why I didn 't hear about it .

BC: Nothing wrong with that though.
AC: Nothing wrong with that though .

BC: Best wishes to the wonderful people of Mizoram on their Statehood Day.
AC: Best wishes to the wonderful people of Mizoram on their Statehood Day .

BC: Raja is the son of Jakkampudi Rammohan, who shared a close relationship with former chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy.
AC: Raja is the son of Jakkampudi Rammohan , who shared a close relationship with former chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy .

BC: He proved himself a real friend and affectionate companion to his followers, loving them to the end. John 13: 1. 15: 11 - 15.
AC: He proved himself a real friend and affectionate companion to his followers , loving them to the end . John 13 : 1 . 15 : 11 - 15 .

BC: Why was Jehovah angry with the teachers of the Law?
AC: Why was Jehovah angry with the teachers of the Law ?

BC: Amaravati: AP BJP president Kanna Lakshmi Narayana slammed Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu.
AC: Amaravati : AP BJP president Kanna Lakshmi Narayana slammed Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu .

BC: They include safety, immunogenicity, and efficacy.
AC: They include safety , immunogenicity , and efficacy .

BC: The death toll rose to 12.
AC: The death toll rose to 12 .

BC: Power supply was suspended in many areas.
AC: Power supply was suspended in many areas .

BC: They later informed the girls parents who approached the police.
AC: They later informed the girls parents who approached the police .

BC: Do it again.
AC: Do it again .

BC: Jr. NTR to appear in a new role
AC: Jr . NTR to appear in a new role

BC: Condolences have flooded social media following the death of Kannada actor Chiranjeevi Sarja who passed away following heart attack.
AC: Condolences have flooded social media following the death of Kannada actor Chiranjeevi Sarja who passed away following heart attack .

BC: India had already won the series.
AC: India had already won the series .

BC: Mitchell Johnson has been elected as an Honorary Life Member of the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC).
AC: Mitchell Johnson has been elected as an Honorary Life Member of the Marylebone Cricket Club ( MCC ) .

BC: He said the Centre and States must work together as Team India.
AC: He said the Centre and States must work together as Team India .

BC: The Nifty50 closed lower by 21.55 points or 0.21 per cent at 10,476.70 points, while the Sensex closed at 34,082.71 points -- down 113.23 points or 0.33 per cent
AC: The Nifty50 closed lower by 21.55 points or 0.21 per cent at 10,476.70 points , while the Sensex closed at 34,082.71 points -- down 113.23 points or 0.33 per cent

BC: Anyone can do this.
AC: Anyone can do this .

BC: This has nothing to do with seats.
AC: This has nothing to do with seats .

BC: By the time this air reaches El Salvador, it is dry, hot, and hazy.
AC: By the time this air reaches El Salvador , it is dry , hot , and hazy .

BC: He said her death is an irreparable loss to the country.
AC: He said her death is an irreparable loss to the country .

BC: Immediately they informed the police and the locals.
AC: Immediately they informed the police and the locals .

BC: For example, if you are a mother, you are no doubt concerned about the influence peers may have on your children at school or the tests of integrity they may face.
AC: For example , if you are a mother , you are no doubt concerned about the influence peers may have on your children at school or the tests of integrity they may face .

BC: Incumbent PCC chief Uttam Kumar Reddy has already indicated to the party high command that he would relinquish the post.
AC: Incumbent PCC chief Uttam Kumar Reddy has already indicated to the party high command that he would relinquish the post .

BC: We analyze.
AC: We analyze .

BC: But he did not resign.
AC: But he did not resign .

BC: That, however, is anything but clear.
AC: That , however , is anything but clear .

BC: Attending school is impossible in some situations.
AC: Attending school is impossible in some situations .

BC: Basically, a person may have trouble breaking down a food, perhaps because of enzyme deficiencies or because of chemicals found in the food that are difficult to process.
AC: Basically , a person may have trouble breaking down a food , perhaps because of enzyme deficiencies or because of chemicals found in the food that are difficult to process .

BC: The family was in a financial mess.
AC: The family was in a financial mess .

BC: The company, however, did not disclose further details in this regard.
AC: The company , however , did not disclose further details in this regard .

BC: HIV is spread primarily through multiple-partner heterosexual intercourse.
AC: HIV is spread primarily through multiple-partner heterosexual intercourse .

BC: Mahesh hates to let down his fans.
AC: Mahesh hates to let down his fans .

BC: And what did you do?
AC: And what did you do ?

BC: No one has a clue!
AC: No one has a clue !

BC: But I wont blame anyone.
AC: But I wont blame anyone .

BC: The editor frowned.
AC: The editor frowned .

BC: It should be examined.
AC: It should be examined .

BC: An abbreviated form is sometime used when time is lacking.
AC: An abbreviated form is sometime used when time is lacking .

BC: The movie casts Kamal Haasan, Rahul Bose, Shekhar Kapur, Pooja Kumar, Andrea Jeremiah, and Jaideep Ahlawat as the lead characters.
AC: The movie casts Kamal Haasan , Rahul Bose , Shekhar Kapur , Pooja Kumar , Andrea Jeremiah , and Jaideep Ahlawat as the lead characters .

BC: Chicken 65.
AC: Chicken 65 .

BC: There is, however, a contrary view.
AC: There is , however , a contrary view .

BC: In Delhi-NCR, if you are smoking inside a vehicle it can attract a fine of Rs 100
AC: In Delhi-NCR , if you are smoking inside a vehicle it can attract a fine of Rs 100

BC: """This applies in particular to children's toys."
AC: " " " This applies in particular to children 's toys . "

BC: It is near to Mega Theatre, Sai Baba Temple, Konark Theatre, Dilsukh Nagar Bus Depot, Rajdhani Theatre and Pragathi Degree College.
AC: It is near to Mega Theatre , Sai Baba Temple , Konark Theatre , Dilsukh Nagar Bus Depot , Rajdhani Theatre and Pragathi Degree College .

BC: Once upon a time.
AC: Once upon a time .

BC: Balakrishna and Bollywood actress Vidya Balan will play the lead roles of NTR and his wife Basavatharaka respectively.
AC: Balakrishna and Bollywood actress Vidya Balan will play the lead roles of NTR and his wife Basavatharaka respectively .

BC: Members belonging to the order are straight rods lacking prosthecae.
AC: Members belonging to the order are straight rods lacking prosthecae .

BC: Girls were raped before being murdered.
AC: Girls were raped before being murdered .

BC: India ranks number one in the latest ICC Test rankings.
AC: India ranks number one in the latest ICC Test rankings .

BC: Woe to those who rise up early in the morning, that they may follow strong drink. who stay late into the night, until wine inflames them!
AC: Woe to those who rise up early in the morning , that they may follow strong drink. who stay late into the night , until wine inflames them !

BC: They are dealing with their issues.
AC: They are dealing with their issues .

BC: """I will launch an indefinite protest fast if the chief minister does not respond after 15 days"", he told media persons"
AC: " " " I will launch an indefinite protest fast if the chief minister does not respond after 15 days " , " he told media persons "

BC: The state authorities have no jurisdiction on the matter.
AC: The state authorities have no jurisdiction on the matter .

BC: The actor dismissed all allegations against him.
AC: The actor dismissed all allegations against him .

BC: She was succeeded by none other than Virat Kohli who acquired the top slot.
AC: She was succeeded by none other than Virat Kohli who acquired the top slot .

BC: Look at you!
AC: Look at you !

BC: Prakash Raj posted a video on his Twitter.
AC: Prakash Raj posted a video on his Twitter .

BC: He had a nine-year-old son and a five-year-old daughter.
AC: He had a nine-year-old son and a five-year-old daughter .

BC: I will give them a heart to know me, that I am Yahweh: and they shall be my people, and I will be their God. for they shall return to me with their whole heart.
AC: I will give them a heart to know me , that I am Yahweh : and they shall be my people , and I will be their God. for they shall return to me with their whole heart .

BC: In all, the film has made Rs.
AC: In all , the film has made Rs.

BC: It also protects skin against damage.
AC: It also protects skin against damage .

BC: It gained popularity.
AC: It gained popularity .

BC: Answer: Prawn
AC: Answer : Prawn

BC: How painful.
AC: How painful .

BC: Brother Rutherford spoke on the theme The kingdom of heaven is at hand.
AC: Brother Rutherford spoke on the theme The kingdom of heaven is at hand .

BC: These each have associated weirs.
AC: These each have associated weirs .

BC: Job might also have meant that no one can come back from Sheol on his own.
AC: Job might also have meant that no one can come back from Sheol on his own .

BC: Six data centers are Tier IV Design certified: three of ebrc, two of LuxConnect and one of European Data Hub.
AC: Six data centers are Tier IV Design certified : three of ebrc , two of LuxConnect and one of European Data Hub .

BC: Change has to happen.
AC: Change has to happen .

BC: PV Sindhus ranked sixth in the world.
AC: PV Sindhus ranked sixth in the world .

BC: How can we protect ourselves against the damaging influence of false religion?
AC: How can we protect ourselves against the damaging influence of false religion ?

BC: We are in the process of reducing India somewhat.
AC: We are in the process of reducing India somewhat .

BC: Paul exhorted us: Continue putting up with one another and forgiving one another freely.
AC: Paul exhorted us : Continue putting up with one another and forgiving one another freely .

BC: I said, 'It's just as stupid as what you said to me.'
AC: I said , ' It 's just as stupid as what you said to me . '

BC: We have utmost respect for Modiji.
AC: We have utmost respect for Modiji .

BC: When John was 15, he took a job as a tea boy in Glasgow
AC: When John was 15 , he took a job as a tea boy in Glasgow

BC: She asked him what had happened.
AC: She asked him what had happened .

BC: Track %s, channel %d
AC: Track % s , channel % d

BC: How did the song come your way?
AC: How did the song come your way ?

BC: Yes, these faithful integrity - keepers looked forward to a resurrection that would offer them, not just a few more years followed by death, but the prospect of everlasting life!
AC: Yes , these faithful integrity - keepers looked forward to a resurrection that would offer them , not just a few more years followed by death , but the prospect of everlasting life !

BC: HYDERABAD: The number of coronavirus cases are increasing in Telangana .
AC: HYDERABAD : The number of coronavirus cases are increasing in Telangana .

BC: However, it is opposed by some.
AC: However , it is opposed by some .

BC: This was done three times until the trench around the altar was filled with water. Then Elijah prayed: O Jehovah, the God of Abraham, Isaac and Israel, today let it be known that you are God in Israel and I am your servant and it is by your word that I have done all these things.
AC: This was done three times until the trench around the altar was filled with water . Then Elijah prayed : O Jehovah , the God of Abraham , Isaac and Israel , today let it be known that you are God in Israel and I am your servant and it is by your word that I have done all these things .

BC: Then he joined Telugu Desam Party.
AC: Then he joined Telugu Desam Party .

BC: Diarrhoea is caused by viruses and bacteria.
AC: Diarrhoea is caused by viruses and bacteria .

BC: There are going to be questions.
AC: There are going to be questions .

BC: He was alive.
AC: He was alive .

BC: His death is unfortunate.
AC: His death is unfortunate .

BC: North Korea accuses Trump of declaring war, threatens to shoot down US bombers
AC: North Korea accuses Trump of declaring war , threatens to shoot down US bombers

BC: Too many questions have been left unanswered.
AC: Too many questions have been left unanswered .

BC: A cultural show was also organised on the occasion.
AC: A cultural show was also organised on the occasion .

BC: To mark the International Yoga Day and to display their support to the Indian cricket team, school children in Chennai performed Yoga in the formation of the cricket World Cup trophy.
AC: To mark the International Yoga Day and to display their support to the Indian cricket team , school children in Chennai performed Yoga in the formation of the cricket World Cup trophy .

BC: Happy birthday, Deepika!
AC: Happy birthday , Deepika !

BC: Norman F. Cantor's summary of the effects of late medieval deforestation applies equally well to Early Modern Europe: Europeans had lived in the midst of vast forests throughout the earlier medieval centuries.
AC: Norman F. Cantor 's summary of the effects of late medieval deforestation applies equally well to Early Modern Europe : Europeans had lived in the midst of vast forests throughout the earlier medieval centuries .

BC: Has he paid the tax for that?
AC: Has he paid the tax for that ?

BC: No one should be frightened in this country.
AC: No one should be frightened in this country .

BC: Drinking water helps your body.
AC: Drinking water helps your body .

BC: But not quick enough.
AC: But not quick enough .

BC: Tactfully Giving Commendation The apostle Paul showed the part tact plays in commending others.
AC: Tactfully Giving Commendation The apostle Paul showed the part tact plays in commending others .

BC: However, we think the SUV is likely to be offered with 1.0-litre TSI petrol unit that produces 113bhp of power and 175Nm of torque, and possibly a 1.5-litre TSI petrol unit that produces 148bhp of power and 250Nm of torque
AC: However , we think the SUV is likely to be offered with 1.0-litre TSI petrol unit that produces 113bhp of power and 175Nm of torque , and possibly a 1.5-litre TSI petrol unit that produces 148bhp of power and 250Nm of torque

BC: The three buses that were torched belonged to the Delhi Transport Corporation.
AC: The three buses that were torched belonged to the Delhi Transport Corporation .

BC: So what does Modi do?
AC: So what does Modi do ?

BC: If the worker is already covered under the National Pension Scheme, Employees' State Insurance Corporation scheme (ESIC) or Employment Provident Fund (EPF) scheme, he or she will not be eligible.
AC: If the worker is already covered under the National Pension Scheme , Employees ' State Insurance Corporation scheme ( ESIC ) or Employment Provident Fund ( EPF ) scheme , he or she will not be eligible .

BC: But his wife did not like it.
AC: But his wife did not like it .

BC: The government will provide the affected families with all possible support.
AC: The government will provide the affected families with all possible support .

BC: The doctors confirmed that while undergoing the treatment he died in the hospital.
AC: The doctors confirmed that while undergoing the treatment he died in the hospital .

BC: The film will have an impact on all of us.
AC: The film will have an impact on all of us .

BC: Who will agree?
AC: Who will agree ?

BC: Its name is Time.
AC: Its name is Time .

BC: In practice, it is impossible.
AC: In practice , it is impossible .

BC: Hospital authorities confirmed this.
AC: Hospital authorities confirmed this .

BC: Police are still probing how that happened.
AC: Police are still probing how that happened .

BC: She has been under medical treatment in the hospital since then.
AC: She has been under medical treatment in the hospital since then .

BC: Two female medical officers have been promoted to a General rank so far.
AC: Two female medical officers have been promoted to a General rank so far .

BC: Indias first education minister Maulana Abul Kalam Azad.
AC: Indias first education minister Maulana Abul Kalam Azad .

BC: Acne, dry skin, thinning skin, bruising or discoloration
AC: Acne , dry skin , thinning skin , bruising or discoloration

BC: As an artist I am proud of my industry.
AC: As an artist I am proud of my industry .

BC: The video has increased the expectations on the movie.
AC: The video has increased the expectations on the movie .

BC: The government hiked their salaries by 44 per cent.
AC: The government hiked their salaries by 44 per cent .

BC: No car parking.
AC: No car parking .

BC: Police investigation is going on in the case.
AC: Police investigation is going on in the case .

BC: Every riot, every arson case cripples them economically.
AC: Every riot , every arson case cripples them economically .

BC: That's the issue.
AC: That 's the issue .

BC: The Bill was defeated on October 26, 2010 during its third reading.
AC: The Bill was defeated on October 26 , 2010 during its third reading .

BC: As the influence of Greek culture continued to expand, professed Christians adopted this pagan teaching as well.
AC: As the influence of Greek culture continued to expand , professed Christians adopted this pagan teaching as well .

BC: The movie will hit the screens soon.
AC: The movie will hit the screens soon .

BC: Try to remove your defects.
AC: Try to remove your defects .

BC: One ward was won by an Independent.
AC: One ward was won by an Independent .

BC: Research began.
AC: Research began .

BC: Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute, Kolkata.
AC: Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute , Kolkata .

BC: It was attended by many film celebrities.
AC: It was attended by many film celebrities .

BC: At first the counting of postal votes and service votes will be counted.
AC: At first the counting of postal votes and service votes will be counted .

BC: He put the game to bed.
AC: He put the game to bed .

BC: I do understand.
AC: I do understand .

BC: They had spent crores of rupees.
AC: They had spent crores of rupees .

BC: People in Tamil Nadu take great pride in their language and culture.
AC: People in Tamil Nadu take great pride in their language and culture .

BC: She asked for it.
AC: She asked for it .

BC: I have two friends in the army.
AC: I have two friends in the army .

BC: This photo was shared on Twitter.
AC: This photo was shared on Twitter .

BC: How do I use them?
AC: How do I use them ?

BC: But there are two heroines in the film.
AC: But there are two heroines in the film .

BC: It is for the welfare of the people.
AC: It is for the welfare of the people .

BC: India has great potential.
AC: India has great potential .

BC: Delhi civic workers continue protest, block roads
AC: Delhi civic workers continue protest , block roads

BC: Vikram and AR Rahman had previously collaborated with Chiyaan Vikram for I and Mani Ratnam's Raavan.
AC: Vikram and AR Rahman had previously collaborated with Chiyaan Vikram for I and Mani Ratnam 's Raavan .

BC: Passport services have been further eased.
AC: Passport services have been further eased .

BC: This is an ultra-mega project having 7 motors, each having a capacity of 139 megawatts.
AC: This is an ultra-mega project having 7 motors , each having a capacity of 139 megawatts .

BC: I feel that sometime.
AC: I feel that sometime .

BC: Process for recruitment of 1.40 lakh vacancies has been initiated.
AC: Process for recruitment of 1.40 lakh vacancies has been initiated .

BC: There are three levels to this.
AC: There are three levels to this .

BC: But the six BSP MLAs have collectively joined the Congress.
AC: But the six BSP MLAs have collectively joined the Congress .

BC: Delhi: An unidentified man opened fire at JNU student Umar Khalid outside Constitution Club of India.
AC: Delhi : An unidentified man opened fire at JNU student Umar Khalid outside Constitution Club of India .

BC: The films music has been composed by Thaman.
AC: The films music has been composed by Thaman .

BC: Logic was employed to some extent in Babylonian astronomy and medicine.
AC: Logic was employed to some extent in Babylonian astronomy and medicine .

BC: But I didnt discuss that with him.
AC: But I didnt discuss that with him .

BC: KCR also claimed that Telangana was the number one state in the country in welfare.
AC: KCR also claimed that Telangana was the number one state in the country in welfare .

BC: Shah Rukh was present with his daughter Suhana and wife Gauri.
AC: Shah Rukh was present with his daughter Suhana and wife Gauri .

BC: Telugu is giving competition to other languages in case of meaning.
AC: Telugu is giving competition to other languages in case of meaning .

BC: This is no ordinary film.
AC: This is no ordinary film .

BC: 72 crores.
AC: 72 crores .

BC: It is not easy to trace those events exactly, but it seems that first Sargon I (not the Sargon mentioned at Isaiah 20: 1) and then his grandson Naram - Sin moved against Ebla.
AC: It is not easy to trace those events exactly , but it seems that first Sargon I ( not the Sargon mentioned at Isaiah 20 : 1 ) and then his grandson Naram - Sin moved against Ebla .

BC: The film also stars Saif Ali Khan's daughter Sara Ali Khan as the female lead.
AC: The film also stars Saif Ali Khan 's daughter Sara Ali Khan as the female lead .

BC: It has a railway station.
AC: It has a railway station .

BC: The same two people.
AC: The same two people .

BC: But something is still missing.
AC: But something is still missing .

BC: The film was also panned by critics.
AC: The film was also panned by critics .

BC: Principal Secretary of Transport, Roads and Buildings Department, Sunil Sharma said that linking the parking space and new car registration may help to solve the parking space problem in the cities
AC: Principal Secretary of Transport , Roads and Buildings Department , Sunil Sharma said that linking the parking space and new car registration may help to solve the parking space problem in the cities

BC: But nobody understood it.
AC: But nobody understood it .

BC: With this, the total number of cases in the district shot up to 80.
AC: With this , the total number of cases in the district shot up to 80 .

BC: Bollywood stars likes Irrfan Khan, Priyanka Chopra, Nana Patekar, Shefali Shah and Om Puri have lent their voice for the Hindi version of The Jungle Book.
AC: Bollywood stars likes Irrfan Khan , Priyanka Chopra , Nana Patekar , Shefali Shah and Om Puri have lent their voice for the Hindi version of The Jungle Book .

BC: BJPs Bandi Sanjay Kumar romped to victory in the constituency, defeating none other than TRS Boinapally Vinod Kumar, a close confidante of Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao.
AC: BJPs Bandi Sanjay Kumar romped to victory in the constituency , defeating none other than TRS Boinapally Vinod Kumar , a close confidante of Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao .

BC: Rahul following the massive drubbing of Congress party in the Lok Sabha polls stepped down from the post of the party president.
AC: Rahul following the massive drubbing of Congress party in the Lok Sabha polls stepped down from the post of the party president .

BC: This was not a literal city like Jerusalem, which was the location of Gods temple. No, this was a symbolic city.
AC: This was not a literal city like Jerusalem , which was the location of Gods temple . No , this was a symbolic city .

BC: Google has announced.
AC: Google has announced .

BC: There are 35 fire stations across the region.
AC: There are 35 fire stations across the region .

BC: Separately, the National Assembly Secretariat has announced schedule for election of the new Prime Minister.
AC: Separately , the National Assembly Secretariat has announced schedule for election of the new Prime Minister .

BC: The two leaders also discussed the current political scenario in the country.
AC: The two leaders also discussed the current political scenario in the country .

BC: Everyone has a different personality.
AC: Everyone has a different personality .

BC: Their survey is continuing.
AC: Their survey is continuing .

BC: But no exact figures are available in this regard.
AC: But no exact figures are available in this regard .

BC: He has been taken into police custody for further investigation.
AC: He has been taken into police custody for further investigation .

BC: Congress-JD(S) plot to destabilise Karnataka BJP government
AC: Congress-JD ( S ) plot to destabilise Karnataka BJP government

BC: Mutations in brief no. 205.
AC: Mutations in brief no . 205 .

BC: The injured people were taken to a local hospital.
AC: The injured people were taken to a local hospital .

BC: The former chief minister said officials of the state have the capability to complete projects well within time.
AC: The former chief minister said officials of the state have the capability to complete projects well within time .

BC: And John bore witness, saying: I viewed the spirit coming down as a dove out of heaven, and it remained upon him.
AC: And John bore witness , saying : I viewed the spirit coming down as a dove out of heaven , and it remained upon him .

BC: He responded by saying: Let the young children come to me. do not try to stop them.
AC: He responded by saying : Let the young children come to me. do not try to stop them .

BC: It has Advani, Vajpayee and Murli Manohar Joshi, the three seniormost members, along with Modi and Home Minister Rajth Singh.
AC: It has Advani , Vajpayee and Murli Manohar Joshi , the three seniormost members , along with Modi and Home Minister Rajth Singh .

BC: This song sounds great.
AC: This song sounds great .

BC: It's not a movie.
AC: It 's not a movie .

BC: Then the questions began.
AC: Then the questions began .

BC: Section 4.
AC: Section 4 .

BC: Three symbols in the ballot papers has four candidates.
AC: Three symbols in the ballot papers has four candidates .

BC: Age limit: Born between 02 Jan 1995 & 01 Jul 2000 (both dates inclusive)
AC: Age limit : Born between 02 Jan 1995 & 01 Jul 2000 ( both dates inclusive )

BC: Swammi's parents are industrialist V. D. Swami and Bharatanatyam dancer C. V. S. Vasantha.
AC: Swammi 's parents are industrialist V. D. Swami and Bharatanatyam dancer C. V. S. Vasantha .

BC: He died on January 31, 1971.
AC: He died on January 31 , 1971 .

BC: Ramamurthy and others were present on the occasion.
AC: Ramamurthy and others were present on the occasion .

BC: I thought I couldn't do it.
AC: I thought I couldn 't do it .

BC: Routines are a major part of adult life. Work, worship, and even recreation usually follow set routines.
AC: Routines are a major part of adult life . Work , worship , and even recreation usually follow set routines .

BC: Do the same when a conversation turns to immoral sex.
AC: Do the same when a conversation turns to immoral sex .

BC: She lodged a complaint with the police.
AC: She lodged a complaint with the police .

BC: He is native of Pithapuram, East Godavari district.
AC: He is native of Pithapuram , East Godavari district .

BC: Leukemia is a form of cancer of blood-forming tissue including bone marrow and lymphatic system.
AC: Leukemia is a form of cancer of blood-forming tissue including bone marrow and lymphatic system .

BC: I'm gone.
AC: I 'm gone .

BC: Sania is the wife of Pakistani cricketer Shoaib Malik.
AC: Sania is the wife of Pakistani cricketer Shoaib Malik .

BC: And what about side effects?
AC: And what about side effects ?

BC: Eleazar died, and had no sons, but daughters only: and their brothers the sons of Kish took them as wives.
AC: Eleazar died , and had no sons , but daughters only : and their brothers the sons of Kish took them as wives .

BC: Rs 30 lakh.
AC: Rs 30 lakh .

BC: They also have a baby.
AC: They also have a baby .

BC: He took a loaf, gave thanks, broke it, and gave it to them, saying: This means my body which is to be given in your behalf.
AC: He took a loaf , gave thanks , broke it , and gave it to them , saying : This means my body which is to be given in your behalf .

BC: They had promised Telangana State comprising of 10 districts and Hyderabad as its capital.
AC: They had promised Telangana State comprising of 10 districts and Hyderabad as its capital .

BC: A fire was kindled in their company. The flame burned up the wicked.
AC: A fire was kindled in their company . The flame burned up the wicked .

BC: In this incident a person was seriously injured.
AC: In this incident a person was seriously injured .

BC: Both her father and mother are doctors.
AC: Both her father and mother are doctors .

BC: This increases the responsiveness of the body to insulin.
AC: This increases the responsiveness of the body to insulin .

BC: I aimed at the publics heart, and by accident I hit it in the stomach, he wrote later.
AC: I aimed at the publics heart , and by accident I hit it in the stomach , he wrote later .

BC: However, the condition is same.
AC: However , the condition is same .

BC: She was having a younger and two elder brothers.
AC: She was having a younger and two elder brothers .

BC: The posters of the film are already out and received a positive response.
AC: The posters of the film are already out and received a positive response .

BC: It also helps your body stop retaining water.
AC: It also helps your body stop retaining water .

BC: The police has registered a case based on the complaint lodged by the victim's mother
AC: The police has registered a case based on the complaint lodged by the victim 's mother

BC: How to take screenshot on Snapchat?
AC: How to take screenshot on Snapchat ?

BC: It is one of Indias oldest cities.
AC: It is one of Indias oldest cities .

BC: Several agreements are expected to be signed.
AC: Several agreements are expected to be signed .

BC: Lets see how to go about it.
AC: Lets see how to go about it .

BC: How to clean glass bottles?
AC: How to clean glass bottles ?

BC: The CBI is also investigating the case.
AC: The CBI is also investigating the case .

BC: The ED had registered a case against Reddy and his business partner Sreenivasulu under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act.
AC: The ED had registered a case against Reddy and his business partner Sreenivasulu under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act .

BC: Kohli is Kohli.
AC: Kohli is Kohli .

BC: The five-state assembly election results have been a body blow to the ruling BJP government.
AC: The five-state assembly election results have been a body blow to the ruling BJP government .

BC: The names of the days of the week in North Germanic languages were not calqued from Latin directly, but taken from the West Germanic names.
AC: The names of the days of the week in North Germanic languages were not calqued from Latin directly , but taken from the West Germanic names .

BC: This is not recent.
AC: This is not recent .

BC: What companys representative says?
AC: What companys representative says ?

BC: How to seek help?
AC: How to seek help ?

BC: Leave that all.
AC: Leave that all .

BC: BJP will win if Modi wins.
AC: BJP will win if Modi wins .

BC: They met the Chief Minister.
AC: They met the Chief Minister .

BC: RTC employees have intensified protests all over Telangana.
AC: RTC employees have intensified protests all over Telangana .

BC: Respect all.
AC: Respect all .

BC: I couldnt move.
AC: I couldnt move .

BC: The police is questioning the family members.
AC: The police is questioning the family members .

BC: The project will be started shortly.
AC: The project will be started shortly .

BC: 50 Lakh in cash was seized by officials.
AC: 50 Lakh in cash was seized by officials .

BC: Music starts.
AC: Music starts .

BC: Russian investigators confirmed that all 62 people on board were killed.
AC: Russian investigators confirmed that all 62 people on board were killed .

BC: I played well this time.
AC: I played well this time .

BC: What are the farmers demands?
AC: What are the farmers demands ?

BC: By the first nuclear test in 1974, it is confirmed as nuclear country.
AC: By the first nuclear test in 1974 , it is confirmed as nuclear country .

BC: Is coronavirus the reason?
AC: Is coronavirus the reason ?

BC: Originating in Mongolia in East Asia, the Mongol Empire eventually stretched from Eastern Europe and parts of Central Europe to the Sea of Japan, extending northward into parts of the Arctic. eastward and southward into the Indian subcontinent, Mainland Southeast Asia and the Iranian Plateau. and westward as far as the Levant and the Carpathian Mountains.
AC: Originating in Mongolia in East Asia , the Mongol Empire eventually stretched from Eastern Europe and parts of Central Europe to the Sea of Japan , extending northward into parts of the Arctic. eastward and southward into the Indian subcontinent , Mainland Southeast Asia and the Iranian Plateau. and westward as far as the Levant and the Carpathian Mountains .

BC: The masks have been provided to frontline workers, all employees and CISF personnel and sanitizers are placed at many places.
AC: The masks have been provided to frontline workers , all employees and CISF personnel and sanitizers are placed at many places .

BC: He had been the longest serving chief minister of the state before Narendra Modi became CM.
AC: He had been the longest serving chief minister of the state before Narendra Modi became CM .

BC: Road accidents are on the rise.
AC: Road accidents are on the rise .

BC: 1656, to declare it more fully, 1656.
AC: 1656 , to declare it more fully , 1656 .

BC: However, there no confirmation yet regarding Mahesh Babu's next film.
AC: However , there no confirmation yet regarding Mahesh Babu 's next film .

BC: I have also acted in that film.
AC: I have also acted in that film .

BC: The movie features Ram Pothineni, Nivetha Pethuraj, Malvika Sharma and Amritha Aiyer.
AC: The movie features Ram Pothineni , Nivetha Pethuraj , Malvika Sharma and Amritha Aiyer .

BC: Chief election officer in Telangana Rajat Kumar.
AC: Chief election officer in Telangana Rajat Kumar .

BC: The Indian Parliament approved it.
AC: The Indian Parliament approved it .

BC: The batsman hits the ball straight.
AC: The batsman hits the ball straight .

BC: Police forces were deployed in the village to prevent any untoward incident.
AC: Police forces were deployed in the village to prevent any untoward incident .

BC: These films made a huge impression on me.
AC: These films made a huge impression on me .

BC: It saved my life.
AC: It saved my life .

BC: The actor has worked in a number of movies.
AC: The actor has worked in a number of movies .

BC: Three of the companys employees were on board.
AC: Three of the companys employees were on board .

BC: Buying gold?
AC: Buying gold ?

BC: Music: Ravi
AC: Music : Ravi

BC: A poster was released on the occasion.
AC: A poster was released on the occasion .

BC: Prime Minister Modi conducted the 'Bhoomi Pujan' for the construction work of Ram temple in Ayodhya.
AC: Prime Minister Modi conducted the ' Bhoomi Pujan ' for the construction work of Ram temple in Ayodhya .

BC: Elections are underway in the state of Andhra Pradesh.
AC: Elections are underway in the state of Andhra Pradesh .

BC: They are not meaningless.
AC: They are not meaningless .

BC: Take a seat!
AC: Take a seat !

BC: I am no one without you.
AC: I am no one without you .

BC: And after those days his wife Elisabeth conceived, and hid herself five months, saying,
AC: And after those days his wife Elisabeth conceived , and hid herself five months , saying ,

BC: Primary, middle and senior secondary schools are there in plenty.
AC: Primary , middle and senior secondary schools are there in plenty .

BC: But he doesnt have it in him.
AC: But he doesnt have it in him .

BC: In addition to being loyal citizens, Indians are also the third largest group of tourists to Kenya.
AC: In addition to being loyal citizens , Indians are also the third largest group of tourists to Kenya .

BC: It must be smooth.
AC: It must be smooth .

BC: Prime minister Narendra Modi taking oath of office at the Rashtrapati Bhavan.
AC: Prime minister Narendra Modi taking oath of office at the Rashtrapati Bhavan .

BC: KL Rahul is at the other end.
AC: KL Rahul is at the other end .

BC: BJP national general secretary Ram Madhav, party state president Kanna Lakshminarayana, MP GVL Narasimha Rao, party state affairs in-charge Muralidharan, former Union Ministers Kavuri Sambasiva Rao, Daggubati Purandeswari, MLA Vishnu Kumar Raju, MLC Madhav and party national secretary Satya Kumar attended the meeting.
AC: BJP national general secretary Ram Madhav , party state president Kanna Lakshminarayana , MP GVL Narasimha Rao , party state affairs in-charge Muralidharan , former Union Ministers Kavuri Sambasiva Rao , Daggubati Purandeswari , MLA Vishnu Kumar Raju , MLC Madhav and party national secretary Satya Kumar attended the meeting .

BC: Lack of sleep leading to hormonal imbalance.
AC: Lack of sleep leading to hormonal imbalance .

BC: Bengal to take up resolution against CAA in House: Mamata Banerjee
AC: Bengal to take up resolution against CAA in House : Mamata Banerjee

BC: The film had been given a U/A certificate by the censor board.
AC: The film had been given a U / A certificate by the censor board .

BC: sources reiterated that both countries had agreed to seek a fair, reasonable and mutually acceptable solution to the issue through peaceful consultations.
AC: sources reiterated that both countries had agreed to seek a fair , reasonable and mutually acceptable solution to the issue through peaceful consultations .

BC: Sunil Kashyap has scored decent music for this film.
AC: Sunil Kashyap has scored decent music for this film .

BC: It has very rich culture and traditions.
AC: It has very rich culture and traditions .

BC: In this case awareness is necessary.
AC: In this case awareness is necessary .

BC: said Peter.
AC: said Peter .

BC: Last month, the Congress thumped the ruling BJP in Rajasthan, clinching the two Lok Sabha and one state Assembly seats in the bypolls.
AC: Last month , the Congress thumped the ruling BJP in Rajasthan , clinching the two Lok Sabha and one state Assembly seats in the bypolls .

BC: His father died when he was very young.
AC: His father died when he was very young .

BC: Be alert that you do not come to view baptism as little more than a coming - of - age custom that all young people follow sooner or later.
AC: Be alert that you do not come to view baptism as little more than a coming - of - age custom that all young people follow sooner or later .

BC: Medical tests were also carried out and patients given medicines.
AC: Medical tests were also carried out and patients given medicines .

BC: NIIFL invests across asset classes such as infrastructure, private equity and other diversified sectors in India, with the objective to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for its investors.
AC: NIIFL invests across asset classes such as infrastructure , private equity and other diversified sectors in India , with the objective to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for its investors .

BC: Value of Indian rupee has reduced in comparison to the dollar and there has been surge in oil prices.
AC: Value of Indian rupee has reduced in comparison to the dollar and there has been surge in oil prices .

BC: ( b) in clause (7),
AC: ( b ) in clause ( 7 ) ,

BC: Make Public Expressions King David wrote about himself: I will declare your name to my brothers. in the middle of the congregation I shall praise you.
AC: Make Public Expressions King David wrote about himself : I will declare your name to my brothers. in the middle of the congregation I shall praise you .

BC: published by Jehovahs Witnesses.
AC: published by Jehovahs Witnesses .

BC: he went america and made many speeches on hundism significance(fame) at the will of his master .
AC: he went america and made many speeches on hundism significance ( fame ) at the will of his master .

BC: I don't know what happened there.
AC: I don 't know what happened there .

BC: Families are unhappy.
AC: Families are unhappy .

BC: Entry is only for those authorised.
AC: Entry is only for those authorised .

BC: Dr.Sanjeeva Srivastava, Professor at IIT Bombay,withthe expertise of using state-of-the-art mass spectrometry-based technologies, has teamed up with Dr. Om Shrivastav, Director, Infectious Diseases, Jaslok Hospital, Mumbai and Dr.
AC: Dr.Sanjeeva Srivastava , Professor at IIT Bombay , withthe expertise of using state-of-the-art mass spectrometry-based technologies , has teamed up with Dr. Om Shrivastav , Director , Infectious Diseases , Jaslok Hospital , Mumbai and Dr.

BC: The Governor has invited the BJP to form a government.
AC: The Governor has invited the BJP to form a government .

BC: He, too, died at the hospital.
AC: He , too , died at the hospital .

BC: I could no longer sit at home.
AC: I could no longer sit at home .

BC: In the recently concluded elections, the BJP won 105 seats and Sena captured 56.
AC: In the recently concluded elections , the BJP won 105 seats and Sena captured 56 .

BC: Officials had no answers.
AC: Officials had no answers .

BC: Funds can be transferred from other bank accounts to IPPB using the app.
AC: Funds can be transferred from other bank accounts to IPPB using the app .

BC: India defeated Sri Lanka 2-0 in the three-match T20I series.
AC: India defeated Sri Lanka 2-0 in the three-match T20I series .

BC: Judith explained: At the age of 20, I became infatuated with a German business associate who tried his best to impress me.
AC: Judith explained : At the age of 20 , I became infatuated with a German business associate who tried his best to impress me .

BC: This has many medicinal benefits.
AC: This has many medicinal benefits .

BC: India's cricket team captain Virat Kohli celebrates after winning the match.
AC: India 's cricket team captain Virat Kohli celebrates after winning the match .

BC: US President Donald Trump said.
AC: US President Donald Trump said .

BC: Everyone got shocked by his revelation.
AC: Everyone got shocked by his revelation .

BC: Why is there no light?
AC: Why is there no light ?

BC: The regular shooting will begin soon.
AC: The regular shooting will begin soon .

BC: It is rich in antioxidants.
AC: It is rich in antioxidants .

BC: CM Vijay Rupani has ordered a probe into the incident.
AC: CM Vijay Rupani has ordered a probe into the incident .

BC: Nothing to be done.
AC: Nothing to be done .

BC: This is Modi government's mantra.
AC: This is Modi government 's mantra .

BC: Answer this question.
AC: Answer this question .

BC: Mehreen Kaur plays the leading lady of the movie.
AC: Mehreen Kaur plays the leading lady of the movie .

BC: Retail toor dal prices have shot up to Rs 200 per kg despite the government claiming that they have taken steps to boost supply and check prices.
AC: Retail toor dal prices have shot up to Rs 200 per kg despite the government claiming that they have taken steps to boost supply and check prices .

BC: Please do justice to me.
AC: Please do justice to me .

BC: He then proceeds to talk about how he thought he almost lost Bradley.
AC: He then proceeds to talk about how he thought he almost lost Bradley .

BC: Besides, facilities will be provided for Yoga and sports.
AC: Besides , facilities will be provided for Yoga and sports .

BC: The remaining 0.2 per cent of cases are pending with the apex court.
AC: The remaining 0.2 per cent of cases are pending with the apex court .

BC: Still, I was distressed over such disquieting questions as, Why all the killing?
AC: Still , I was distressed over such disquieting questions as , Why all the killing ?

BC: The Chennai team has won three games and lost just one.
AC: The Chennai team has won three games and lost just one .

BC: What is adulteration?
AC: What is adulteration ?

BC: Hyderabad: As part of the election campaign, minister K.T.
AC: Hyderabad : As part of the election campaign , minister K.T.

BC: Interestingly they can be used as a portable light source as well, so for example the emergency LED bulb can act as a headlight for a bicycle.
AC: Interestingly they can be used as a portable light source as well , so for example the emergency LED bulb can act as a headlight for a bicycle .

BC: Youre leaving already?
AC: Youre leaving already ?

BC: There were no casualties or damage to property.
AC: There were no casualties or damage to property .

BC: The story of the spies also informs us that Joshuas name was changed.
AC: The story of the spies also informs us that Joshuas name was changed .

BC: The Congress President Sonia Gandhi too has extended condolences to Jethmalani's family and friends.
AC: The Congress President Sonia Gandhi too has extended condolences to Jethmalani 's family and friends .

BC: It lacerates the mind.
AC: It lacerates the mind .

BC: Also, the skin becomes soft.
AC: Also , the skin becomes soft .

BC: Take 1 tbsp.
AC: Take 1 tbsp .

BC: The bright display has a resolution of 1920x1080pixels.
AC: The bright display has a resolution of 1920x1080pixels .

BC: It is not known, though, whether such jewelry was attached by means of ear and nose piercing.
AC: It is not known , though , whether such jewelry was attached by means of ear and nose piercing .

BC: The Congress chief's mother, United Progressive Alliance (UPA) chairperson Sonia Gandhi, is an Italian by birth.
AC: The Congress chief 's mother , United Progressive Alliance ( UPA ) chairperson Sonia Gandhi , is an Italian by birth .

BC: Poems revolve around several main themes, including baroorodiiq (elegy), amaan (praise), jacayl (romance), guhaadin (diatribe), digasho (gloating) and guubaabo (guidance).
AC: Poems revolve around several main themes , including baroorodiiq ( elegy ) , amaan ( praise ) , jacayl ( romance ) , guhaadin ( diatribe ) , digasho ( gloating ) and guubaabo ( guidance ) .

BC: But dont go there.
AC: But dont go there .

BC: They have been shifted to other hospitals.
AC: They have been shifted to other hospitals .

BC: Jakkampudi Raja thanked Chief Minister YS Jagan Mohan Reddy for entrusting him with the responsibility.
AC: Jakkampudi Raja thanked Chief Minister YS Jagan Mohan Reddy for entrusting him with the responsibility .

BC: He was a good human being.
AC: He was a good human being .

BC: HYDERABAD: Despite his late entry into Twitter recently, Megastar Chiranjeevi is seen to be quite active on it.
AC: HYDERABAD : Despite his late entry into Twitter recently , Megastar Chiranjeevi is seen to be quite active on it .

BC: But, it was not possible for some reasons.
AC: But , it was not possible for some reasons .

BC: in history mostly migrated people are from turkey (2.5 millions), italy (761,000) and polland (638,000)
AC: in history mostly migrated people are from turkey ( 2.5 millions ) , italy ( 761,000 ) and polland ( 638,000 )

BC: Vinesh asked.
AC: Vinesh asked .

BC: Many of these complaints have come from north India, particularly Punjab, said NCW chairperson Rekha Sharma.
AC: Many of these complaints have come from north India , particularly Punjab , said NCW chairperson Rekha Sharma .

BC: In 1909 he married.
AC: In 1909 he married .

BC: We need to accept them.
AC: We need to accept them .

BC: Chittoor district: Srikalahasti, Tirupati Urban, Renigunta, varadayapalem, Satyavedu, Nagalapuram, Nagiri, Puttur and Venkatagarikota.
AC: Chittoor district : Srikalahasti , Tirupati Urban , Renigunta , varadayapalem , Satyavedu , Nagalapuram , Nagiri , Puttur and Venkatagarikota .

BC: This is the question!
AC: This is the question !

BC: Things you didn't know about beer
AC: Things you didn 't know about beer

BC: All actions taken as a result of this order must be consistent with existing law.
AC: All actions taken as a result of this order must be consistent with existing law .

BC: Devendra Fadnavis was sworn in as Chief Minister, while Ajit Pawar took over as the deputy chief minister.
AC: Devendra Fadnavis was sworn in as Chief Minister , while Ajit Pawar took over as the deputy chief minister .

BC: Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome (PCOS):
AC: Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome ( PCOS ) :

BC: Punjab National Bank (Rs.
AC: Punjab National Bank ( Rs.

BC: Highlights From Nahum, Habakkuk, Zephaniah, 11 / 15
AC: Highlights From Nahum , Habakkuk , Zephaniah , 11 / 15

BC: Several insurers provide this insurance.
AC: Several insurers provide this insurance .

BC: She was rushed to hospital with serious injury.
AC: She was rushed to hospital with serious injury .

BC: But with times, peoples preferences have changed drastically.
AC: But with times , peoples preferences have changed drastically .

BC: According to the 2011 census, 59% of the population is between 15 and 59 years old, 39% is less than 15 years old.
AC: According to the 2011 census , 59 % of the population is between 15 and 59 years old , 39 % is less than 15 years old .

BC: I will never forget that.
AC: I will never forget that .

BC: The Pakistan Army claimed three Indian soldiers had died and many were injured in the firing.
AC: The Pakistan Army claimed three Indian soldiers had died and many were injured in the firing .

BC: It laughed again.
AC: It laughed again .

BC: He informed bank officials.
AC: He informed bank officials .

BC: The incident took place in Dongri area.
AC: The incident took place in Dongri area .

BC: The committee will submit its report to the Government.
AC: The committee will submit its report to the Government .

BC: He was received at the airport by the authorities.
AC: He was received at the airport by the authorities .

BC: They are extremely observant.
AC: They are extremely observant .

BC: Their wedding festivities took place in Hyderabad.
AC: Their wedding festivities took place in Hyderabad .

BC: This movie needs no introduction.
AC: This movie needs no introduction .

BC: """Australia played well actually."
AC: " " " Australia played well actually . "

BC: I went abroad.
AC: I went abroad .

BC: Evidently, many agree.
AC: Evidently , many agree .

BC: His blood rushed to his face.
AC: His blood rushed to his face .

BC: Elections are being held in three phases.
AC: Elections are being held in three phases .

BC: A total of 8.58 lakh candidates have registered for the the JEE Mains examinations, while 15.97 lakh students have registered for NEET
AC: A total of 8.58 lakh candidates have registered for the the JEE Mains examinations , while 15.97 lakh students have registered for NEET

BC: They examined and confirmed that she was dead.
AC: They examined and confirmed that she was dead .

BC: Therefore, maritime transport can be the most extensive mode of transport.
AC: Therefore , maritime transport can be the most extensive mode of transport .

BC: [ Picture on page 16, 17]
AC: [ Picture on page 16 , 17 ]

BC: No compassion shown...
AC: No compassion shown ...

BC: The then US president Bill Clinton had summoned then Pakistan prime minister Nawaz Sharif to Washington DC.
AC: The then US president Bill Clinton had summoned then Pakistan prime minister Nawaz Sharif to Washington DC .

BC: You could see your audience going, 'What the fuck are these guys doing?'
AC: You could see your audience going , ' What the fuck are these guys doing ? '

BC: Bollywood actress Sonali Bendre Behl, who is currently undergoing treatment to recover from cancer, seems to have come back to work!
AC: Bollywood actress Sonali Bendre Behl , who is currently undergoing treatment to recover from cancer , seems to have come back to work !

BC: There is also a lot of discussion on social media on this topic.
AC: There is also a lot of discussion on social media on this topic .

BC: Devi Sri Prasad is the music director for the movie.
AC: Devi Sri Prasad is the music director for the movie .

BC: He abducted more than 40000 women in his palace.
AC: He abducted more than 40000 women in his palace .

BC: Watch this video..
AC: Watch this video ..

BC: The direction was given in a memorandum issued by Sushil Kumar, the principal secretary for revenue, education and information, and cultural affairs.
AC: The direction was given in a memorandum issued by Sushil Kumar , the principal secretary for revenue , education and information , and cultural affairs .

BC: Brothers were being put out of their accommodations and facing mob violence instigated by the priests.
AC: Brothers were being put out of their accommodations and facing mob violence instigated by the priests .

BC: There are a number of reasons for changes in the form.
AC: There are a number of reasons for changes in the form .

BC: As per the Constitution, water is essentially a state subject.
AC: As per the Constitution , water is essentially a state subject .

BC: It was causing inconvenience to locals.
AC: It was causing inconvenience to locals .

BC: He expressed regret over the incident.
AC: He expressed regret over the incident .

BC: Group B has Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Afghanistan.
AC: Group B has Sri Lanka , Bangladesh and Afghanistan .

BC: This district is bounded by Panchmahal District to the west, Chhota Udaipur district to the south, Jhabua District and Alirajpur District of Madhya Pradesh State to the east and southeast respectively, and Banswara District of Rajasthan State to the north and northeast.
AC: This district is bounded by Panchmahal District to the west , Chhota Udaipur district to the south , Jhabua District and Alirajpur District of Madhya Pradesh State to the east and southeast respectively , and Banswara District of Rajasthan State to the north and northeast .

BC: But they too are humans.
AC: But they too are humans .

BC: MUMBAI: Maharashtra Chief Minister Uddhav Thackerays appointment as a member of state legislative council is in limbo.
AC: MUMBAI : Maharashtra Chief Minister Uddhav Thackerays appointment as a member of state legislative council is in limbo .

BC: The incident took place at Gannavaram in East Godavari district.
AC: The incident took place at Gannavaram in East Godavari district .

BC: The teaser of Sarileru Neekevvaru was unveiled a few days ago.
AC: The teaser of Sarileru Neekevvaru was unveiled a few days ago .

BC: So, it is very hard to eliminate them.
AC: So , it is very hard to eliminate them .

BC: There are offers coming in.
AC: There are offers coming in .

BC: In this order, they were taken to the Kadapa Prison by the I town Police.
AC: In this order , they were taken to the Kadapa Prison by the I town Police .

BC: A great shame.
AC: A great shame .

BC: This is providing comfort to investors.
AC: This is providing comfort to investors .

BC: This is what Chandrababu Naidu claims.
AC: This is what Chandrababu Naidu claims .

BC: The BJPs alliance partner, the Shiv Sena, too, made a similar demand.
AC: The BJPs alliance partner , the Shiv Sena , too , made a similar demand .

BC: Then we will not be easily shaken by Satan - inspired propaganda.
AC: Then we will not be easily shaken by Satan - inspired propaganda .

BC: I was always in awe of him.
AC: I was always in awe of him .

BC: On Saturday, the respective minimum and maximum temperatures were 3 degrees and 11 degrees
AC: On Saturday , the respective minimum and maximum temperatures were 3 degrees and 11 degrees

BC: The protest against CAA continues in Assam.
AC: The protest against CAA continues in Assam .

BC: Nevirapine should not be used with rifampicin.
AC: Nevirapine should not be used with rifampicin .

BC: Why is it happening?
AC: Why is it happening ?

BC: Check out the full video.
AC: Check out the full video .

BC: Chennai: On May 31, the Tamil Nadu government announced extension of the ongoing lockdown till June 30
AC: Chennai : On May 31 , the Tamil Nadu government announced extension of the ongoing lockdown till June 30

BC: The government will be formed.
AC: The government will be formed .

BC: This is why the budget is so important.
AC: This is why the budget is so important .

BC: """I believe it was Lord Ram's wish that I receive the first invitation"
AC: " " " I believe it was Lord Ram 's wish that I receive the first invitation "

BC: Hyderabad: The senior-most judge of Hyderabad High Court Justice Ramesh Ranganathan has been appointed as Acting Chief Justice
AC: Hyderabad : The senior-most judge of Hyderabad High Court Justice Ramesh Ranganathan has been appointed as Acting Chief Justice

BC: The FO said that the decision to allow maximum pilgrims was taken in line with Prime Minister Imran Khan's commitment to operationalise the corridor for the 550th anniversary of Guru Nanak Dev.
AC: The FO said that the decision to allow maximum pilgrims was taken in line with Prime Minister Imran Khan 's commitment to operationalise the corridor for the 550th anniversary of Guru Nanak Dev .

BC: What's wrong with my dress?
AC: What 's wrong with my dress ?

BC: As for you, son of man, the children of your people talk of you by the walls and in the doors of the houses, and speak one to another, everyone to his brother, saying, Please come and hear what is the word that comes forth from Yahweh.
AC: As for you , son of man , the children of your people talk of you by the walls and in the doors of the houses , and speak one to another , everyone to his brother , saying , Please come and hear what is the word that comes forth from Yahweh .

BC: According to the World Investment Report of 2015, India is first among the top 10 FDI Destinations of the World.
AC: According to the World Investment Report of 2015 , India is first among the top 10 FDI Destinations of the World .

BC: Spread across the tropical Pacific now stand 70 anchored buoys that measure wind conditions at the surface and ocean temperatures down to a depth of 1,600 feet [500 m].
AC: Spread across the tropical Pacific now stand 70 anchored buoys that measure wind conditions at the surface and ocean temperatures down to a depth of 1,600 feet [ 500 m ] .

BC: The President thanked the President of Turkmenistan for his telephone call and for his personal commitment to strengthening bilateral relations with India.
AC: The President thanked the President of Turkmenistan for his telephone call and for his personal commitment to strengthening bilateral relations with India .

BC: The case fatality rate has further declined to 1.96 per cent, the Union Health Ministry said
AC: The case fatality rate has further declined to 1.96 per cent , the Union Health Ministry said

BC: Surveillance figures from 20012002 show high rates among commercial sex workers (42%), active military personnel (6.6%), truck drivers and bush taxi drivers (7.3%), miners (4.7%), and adults with tuberculosis (8.6%).
AC: Surveillance figures from 20012002 show high rates among commercial sex workers ( 42 % ) , active military personnel ( 6.6 % ) , truck drivers and bush taxi drivers ( 7.3 % ) , miners ( 4.7 % ) , and adults with tuberculosis ( 8.6 % ) .

BC: The bonhomie between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President of the United States of America, Donald Trump, was on full display, at the Howdy Modi event in Houston, Texas.
AC: The bonhomie between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President of the United States of America , Donald Trump , was on full display , at the Howdy Modi event in Houston , Texas .

BC: Efforts are on to rescue those stranded in the building.
AC: Efforts are on to rescue those stranded in the building .

BC: The decision will be made in the meeting.
AC: The decision will be made in the meeting .

BC: Katrina Kaif, Anushka Sharma are in lead role.
AC: Katrina Kaif , Anushka Sharma are in lead role .

BC: It said the incident is under investigation.
AC: It said the incident is under investigation .

BC: Supreme Court indefinitely extends deadline to link Aadhaar with bank accounts, mobile numbers
AC: Supreme Court indefinitely extends deadline to link Aadhaar with bank accounts , mobile numbers

BC: They are planning to release the film in Hindi, Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam languages.
AC: They are planning to release the film in Hindi , Tamil , Telugu and Malayalam languages .

BC: Our aim is a deep, long and constant struggle against them
AC: Our aim is a deep , long and constant struggle against them

BC: It is being worked on.
AC: It is being worked on .

BC: All of it cant be put on hold.
AC: All of it cant be put on hold .

BC: The movie will be made in two parts.
AC: The movie will be made in two parts .

BC: Theres nothing coy about her.
AC: Theres nothing coy about her .

BC: First law does not really say that such a process is not possible. the 2nd law brings in the directional aspect.
AC: First law does not really say that such a process is not possible. the 2nd law brings in the directional aspect .

BC: So what should you watch out for?
AC: So what should you watch out for ?

BC: Every time, RBI revises its repo rate, SBI's Repo Linked Lending Rate (RLLR) will change.
AC: Every time , RBI revises its repo rate , SBI 's Repo Linked Lending Rate ( RLLR ) will change .

BC: Hows that?
AC: Hows that ?

BC: Heres the twist.
AC: Heres the twist .

BC: The state of Jammu and Kashmir has also been bifurcated into two union territories by the government.
AC: The state of Jammu and Kashmir has also been bifurcated into two union territories by the government .

BC: Officials said the raids are being carried out at 32 locations of companies like Saravana Bhavan, Hot Bread, Anjappal and Grand Sweets.
AC: Officials said the raids are being carried out at 32 locations of companies like Saravana Bhavan , Hot Bread , Anjappal and Grand Sweets .

BC: Thousands of people...
AC: Thousands of people ...

BC: Dhoni also holds the record for captaining in India in 200 ODIs which is the most by any player in the history of Indian cricket.
AC: Dhoni also holds the record for captaining in India in 200 ODIs which is the most by any player in the history of Indian cricket .

BC: New Delhi, Dec 20: Season 2 of the Premier Badminton League (PBL) has been scheduled to be held from January 1-14, 2017 with Hyderabad hosting the opening games and Delhi the finale
AC: New Delhi , Dec 20 : Season 2 of the Premier Badminton League ( PBL ) has been scheduled to be held from January 1-14 , 2017 with Hyderabad hosting the opening games and Delhi the finale

BC: Maharashtra has alone contributed more than 18,000 followed by Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka with more than more than 7,000 and 6,000 cases respectively.
AC: Maharashtra has alone contributed more than 18,000 followed by Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka with more than more than 7,000 and 6,000 cases respectively .

BC: The application fee has to be paid online.
AC: The application fee has to be paid online .

BC: Manchu Manoj and Nirmala Devi will produce the film on MM Arts banner while Vidya Nirvana and Manchu Anand will present it.
AC: Manchu Manoj and Nirmala Devi will produce the film on MM Arts banner while Vidya Nirvana and Manchu Anand will present it .

BC: Raj Tarun has pinned all his hopes on this movie.
AC: Raj Tarun has pinned all his hopes on this movie .

BC: However, the conference itself was a reflection of the worlds simmering controversies.
AC: However , the conference itself was a reflection of the worlds simmering controversies .

BC: 3 lakhs each.
AC: 3 lakhs each .

BC: The production budget of the film is around 130 million dollars.
AC: The production budget of the film is around 130 million dollars .

BC: The response of students was good, he said.
AC: The response of students was good , he said .

BC: Susheela (Kavitha), who is in love with Shyam, sees the murder and loses her sanity.
AC: Susheela ( Kavitha ) , who is in love with Shyam , sees the murder and loses her sanity .

BC: But it didnt trickle.
AC: But it didnt trickle .

BC: She had filed a case of domestic violence against her husband.
AC: She had filed a case of domestic violence against her husband .

BC: Everyone there was shocked at once.
AC: Everyone there was shocked at once .

BC: The results will be announced soon.
AC: The results will be announced soon .

BC: People got used to it.
AC: People got used to it .

BC: Indian Army jawans were attacked in a blast carried out by Pakistani Army.
AC: Indian Army jawans were attacked in a blast carried out by Pakistani Army .

BC: Mumbai: Bollywood actor Shahid Kapoor admitted that he is going to become a father.
AC: Mumbai : Bollywood actor Shahid Kapoor admitted that he is going to become a father .

BC: Do people like this exist?
AC: Do people like this exist ?

BC: Tastes better too.
AC: Tastes better too .

BC: Take a look at a few of them!
AC: Take a look at a few of them !

BC: What was it that happened?
AC: What was it that happened ?

BC: Ex-Bengal CM Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee's health condition stable
AC: Ex-Bengal CM Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee 's health condition stable

BC: They need inspiration.
AC: They need inspiration .

BC: "Chandrababu Naidu expressed condolences to the family members, DMK workers and the people of Tamil Nadu."""
AC: " Chandrababu Naidu expressed condolences to the family members , DMK workers and the people of Tamil Nadu . " " "

BC: Bengaluru: Former Karnataka chief minister and senior Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader B.S.
AC: Bengaluru : Former Karnataka chief minister and senior Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) leader B.S.

BC: As his locality is part of a Coronavirus containment zone, samples were collected from the dead body prior to last rites, under instructions from Deputy DM&HO Dr Leela.
AC: As his locality is part of a Coronavirus containment zone , samples were collected from the dead body prior to last rites , under instructions from Deputy DM & HO Dr Leela .

BC: The film was loved by all.
AC: The film was loved by all .

BC: It is all very lavish.
AC: It is all very lavish .

BC: The body was shifted to Guntur Government General Hospital for post-mortem.
AC: The body was shifted to Guntur Government General Hospital for post-mortem .

BC: Im not unwell: Kumaraswamy
AC: Im not unwell : Kumaraswamy

BC: At the same time, Rs.
AC: At the same time , Rs.

BC: The AP government has withdrawn its consent' orders to facilitate the entry of the CBI in the state.
AC: The AP government has withdrawn its consent ' orders to facilitate the entry of the CBI in the state .

BC: The nearest Pakistani border post is about 400 meters from the tunnel, they said.
AC: The nearest Pakistani border post is about 400 meters from the tunnel , they said .

BC: They commonly are fascicled.
AC: They commonly are fascicled .

BC: Let's see how much this is true.
AC: Let 's see how much this is true .

BC: Whats the book about?
AC: Whats the book about ?

BC: Eminent cricketers and Bollywood celebs attend the wedding reception in Mumbai.
AC: Eminent cricketers and Bollywood celebs attend the wedding reception in Mumbai .

BC: Within the country, there is great optimism, enthusiasm and a can do mindset.
AC: Within the country , there is great optimism , enthusiasm and a can do mindset .

BC: I didn't retaliate.
AC: I didn 't retaliate .

BC: Former Rajasthan Deputy Chief Minister Sachin Pilot and 18 other MLAs have approached the Rajasthan High Court challenging the disqualification notice issued to them by Assembly Speaker.
AC: Former Rajasthan Deputy Chief Minister Sachin Pilot and 18 other MLAs have approached the Rajasthan High Court challenging the disqualification notice issued to them by Assembly Speaker .

BC: And they lay wait for their own blood. they lurk privily for their own lives.
AC: And they lay wait for their own blood. they lurk privily for their own lives .

BC: She lives with her two daughters and mother-in-law.
AC: She lives with her two daughters and mother-in-law .

BC: Then I came to work.
AC: Then I came to work .

BC: Ive written a lot.
AC: Ive written a lot .

BC: Lets look into the details.
AC: Lets look into the details .

BC: No Anushka!
AC: No Anushka !

BC: Hyderabad: Woman held for killing husband
AC: Hyderabad : Woman held for killing husband

BC: Tech Mahindra, Eicher Motors, Dr Reddy's, TCS, Reliance Industries, Indusind Bank, Axis Bank were key Nifty losers.
AC: Tech Mahindra , Eicher Motors , Dr Reddy 's , TCS , Reliance Industries , Indusind Bank , Axis Bank were key Nifty losers .

BC: But things stayed the same.
AC: But things stayed the same .

BC: So what we see, we see that the flow has an adverse pressure gradient and on top of it there you have the pressure which is acting in a way that there is a flow which deviates.
AC: So what we see , we see that the flow has an adverse pressure gradient and on top of it there you have the pressure which is acting in a way that there is a flow which deviates .

BC: Dont miss these...
AC: Dont miss these ...

BC: "We even went to the chief minister's office with a request to change the name of our village but could not meet him,"" 83-year-old Dharam Singh, the eldest in the village, said."
AC: " We even went to the chief minister 's office with a request to change the name of our village but could not meet him , " " 83-year-old Dharam Singh , the eldest in the village , said . "

BC: Rs 15 each.
AC: Rs 15 each .

BC: Why dont you do something?
AC: Why dont you do something ?

BC: After that, NTR will act in Trivikram Srinivas' film.
AC: After that , NTR will act in Trivikram Srinivas ' film .

BC: The film is being made in Tamil and Telugu.
AC: The film is being made in Tamil and Telugu .

BC: The TDP even criticised that the YSRC candidates were selected by KCR.
AC: The TDP even criticised that the YSRC candidates were selected by KCR .

BC: Finally, the movie ends on a happy note with the marriage of Sivudu & Parvati.
AC: Finally , the movie ends on a happy note with the marriage of Sivudu & Parvati .

BC: Beerah his son, whom Tilgath-pilneser king of Assyria carried away captive: he was prince of the Reubenites.
AC: Beerah his son , whom Tilgath-pilneser king of Assyria carried away captive : he was prince of the Reubenites .

BC: Ex France president Hollande revealed how PM Modi had asked him to give the Rafale deal to Reliance.
AC: Ex France president Hollande revealed how PM Modi had asked him to give the Rafale deal to Reliance .

BC: Eat fruit or vegetables for a snack.
AC: Eat fruit or vegetables for a snack .

BC: Job Location: All Over India
AC: Job Location : All Over India

BC: The film has been chosen from among 27 entries across Hindi, Odiya, Marathi and other languages.
AC: The film has been chosen from among 27 entries across Hindi , Odiya , Marathi and other languages .

BC: People dont have the money to buy anything.
AC: People dont have the money to buy anything .

BC: You will pass happy time with friends.
AC: You will pass happy time with friends .

BC: The newly formed C Corporation shall earn an estimated profit of around 10% in the initial years with turnover of USD 10 Million, which may get increased subsequently depending upon the volume of work.
AC: The newly formed C Corporation shall earn an estimated profit of around 10 % in the initial years with turnover of USD 10 Million , which may get increased subsequently depending upon the volume of work .

BC: 5 lac, Rs.
AC: 5 lac , Rs.

BC: But is it here to stay?
AC: But is it here to stay ?

BC: The temple is of a very late period.
AC: The temple is of a very late period .

BC: The film is directed by Koratala Siva and features Kiara Advani as the female lead.
AC: The film is directed by Koratala Siva and features Kiara Advani as the female lead .

BC: This aggravates the stress.
AC: This aggravates the stress .

BC: But his remark has validity.
AC: But his remark has validity .

BC: I thought.
AC: I thought .

BC: Her sudden demise shocked the entire Indian film industry.
AC: Her sudden demise shocked the entire Indian film industry .

BC: As someone who grew up in a secular atmosphere, actor Dia Mirza says she is pained when people are viewed through a religious lens.
AC: As someone who grew up in a secular atmosphere , actor Dia Mirza says she is pained when people are viewed through a religious lens .

BC: India carries a further risk.
AC: India carries a further risk .

BC: This video is going viral on social media.
AC: This video is going viral on social media .

BC: This will have severe health consequences.
AC: This will have severe health consequences .

BC: In the case of the small world phenomenon on Facebook graph, we want to compute for every pair of nodes the distance.
AC: In the case of the small world phenomenon on Facebook graph , we want to compute for every pair of nodes the distance .

BC: The movie is being helmed by SS Rajamouli stars Jr NTR and Ram Charan in the lead roles.
AC: The movie is being helmed by SS Rajamouli stars Jr NTR and Ram Charan in the lead roles .

BC: 50 lakh.
AC: 50 lakh .

BC: He announced that salons and barber shops could also be opened.
AC: He announced that salons and barber shops could also be opened .

BC: Moreover, do not call anyone your father on earth, for one is your Father, the heavenly One.
AC: Moreover , do not call anyone your father on earth , for one is your Father , the heavenly One .

BC: 22-inch display with HD+ resolution
AC: 22-inch display with HD + resolution

BC: "I knew what had happened ."""
AC: " I knew what had happened . " " "

BC: You also have to carry a passport size photograph.
AC: You also have to carry a passport size photograph .

BC: Many studies have shown this.
AC: Many studies have shown this .

BC: You will gain weight!
AC: You will gain weight !

BC: The film features Ranbir Kapoor, Alia Bhatt and Amitabh Bachchan in pivotal roles.
AC: The film features Ranbir Kapoor , Alia Bhatt and Amitabh Bachchan in pivotal roles .

BC: 6 crore.
AC: 6 crore .

BC: It's fun and interesting.
AC: It 's fun and interesting .

BC: That isnt much to worry about.
AC: That isnt much to worry about .

BC: Glad to have got the win.
AC: Glad to have got the win .

BC: The two were even said to be getting married soon.
AC: The two were even said to be getting married soon .

BC: In major and minor key, beautiful melodies carry Scripturally based lyrics in praise of Jehovah God.
AC: In major and minor key , beautiful melodies carry Scripturally based lyrics in praise of Jehovah God .

BC: Never Has Another Man Spoken Like This, 9 / 1
AC: Never Has Another Man Spoken Like This , 9 / 1

BC: Several students and teachers, including JNU Students' Union president Aishe Ghosh, were injured in the attack.
AC: Several students and teachers , including JNU Students ' Union president Aishe Ghosh , were injured in the attack .

BC: Modi had been announced as the BJPs Prime Ministerial candidate.
AC: Modi had been announced as the BJPs Prime Ministerial candidate .

BC: They help protect your body from infection.
AC: They help protect your body from infection .

BC: One died on the spot and two were severely injured in the incident.
AC: One died on the spot and two were severely injured in the incident .

BC: Among farmers' unions which are supporting the bandh call included Bharti Kisan Union Krantikari, Kirti Kisan Union, Bharatiya Kisan Union (Ekta Ugrahan), Kisan Mazdoor Sangharsh Committee and BKU (Lakhowal).
AC: Among farmers ' unions which are supporting the bandh call included Bharti Kisan Union Krantikari , Kirti Kisan Union , Bharatiya Kisan Union ( Ekta Ugrahan ) , Kisan Mazdoor Sangharsh Committee and BKU ( Lakhowal ) .

BC: We have greatly increased the outlay for agricultural infrastructure.
AC: We have greatly increased the outlay for agricultural infrastructure .

BC: Mr Rao told the officers and engineers that he was happy that the Kaleswaram project, which will irrigate 45 lakh acres and provide water for industrial and drinking water to 80 per cent of Telangana state, was completed within such a short span of time.
AC: Mr Rao told the officers and engineers that he was happy that the Kaleswaram project , which will irrigate 45 lakh acres and provide water for industrial and drinking water to 80 per cent of Telangana state , was completed within such a short span of time .

BC: What do I say!
AC: What do I say !

BC: It's so horrible..
AC: It 's so horrible ..

BC: MORE AGE.
AC: MORE AGE .

BC: "Laban said to Jacob, ""Because you are my brother, should you therefore serve me for nothing? Tell me, what will your wages be?"""
AC: " Laban said to Jacob , " " Because you are my brother , should you therefore serve me for nothing ? Tell me , what will your wages be ? " " "

BC: It can cause several health issues.
AC: It can cause several health issues .

BC: Wheres the problem?
AC: Wheres the problem ?

BC: 28 lakh crore.
AC: 28 lakh crore .

BC: Are you also ready?
AC: Are you also ready ?

BC: Earlier, a rally was organised.
AC: Earlier , a rally was organised .

BC: Whats the real reason?
AC: Whats the real reason ?

BC: Hostel facility: Not available.
AC: Hostel facility : Not available .

BC: The port has its history back to Vijayanagar Emperor, when Sri Krishnadevaraya used to operate it.
AC: The port has its history back to Vijayanagar Emperor , when Sri Krishnadevaraya used to operate it .

BC: Joshua had the honor of being Moses personal attendant, or minister, from his young manhood until Moses death, a period of some 40 years. Numbers 11: 28.
AC: Joshua had the honor of being Moses personal attendant , or minister , from his young manhood until Moses death , a period of some 40 years . Numbers 11 : 28 .

BC: He was accompanied by his son Nara Lokesh.
AC: He was accompanied by his son Nara Lokesh .

BC: But having a baby isnt as easy as its made out to be.
AC: But having a baby isnt as easy as its made out to be .

BC: He directed officials to provide immediate medical assistance to those injured.
AC: He directed officials to provide immediate medical assistance to those injured .

BC: They controlled parts of the country.
AC: They controlled parts of the country .

BC: Nine people were murdered in one single day.
AC: Nine people were murdered in one single day .

BC: This budget was hyped up.
AC: This budget was hyped up .

BC: That is how the film happened.
AC: That is how the film happened .

BC: As a result, farmers are earning additional income.
AC: As a result , farmers are earning additional income .

BC: They too joined.
AC: They too joined .

BC: They demanded its immediate withdrawal.
AC: They demanded its immediate withdrawal .

BC: Thats not acting.
AC: Thats not acting .

BC: But nothing was confirmed yet.
AC: But nothing was confirmed yet .

BC: They keep calling the cops, complaining the noise is deafening.
AC: They keep calling the cops , complaining the noise is deafening .

BC: But this is not worrisome.
AC: But this is not worrisome .

BC: The combination of black and red looks very nice.
AC: The combination of black and red looks very nice .

BC: Bayliss has earlier coached the Kolkata Knight Riders to two IPL titles.
AC: Bayliss has earlier coached the Kolkata Knight Riders to two IPL titles .

BC: 50 crore, Rs.
AC: 50 crore , Rs.

BC: It is a community.
AC: It is a community .

BC: They are spending crores of money.
AC: They are spending crores of money .

BC: Add milk and stir well.
AC: Add milk and stir well .

BC: Too much depends on the films success.
AC: Too much depends on the films success .

BC: Srinisvasan said.
AC: Srinisvasan said .

BC: Because they are scared of him.
AC: Because they are scared of him .

BC: I'm standing under that cloak like an asshole.
AC: I 'm standing under that cloak like an asshole .

BC: The self drive-capable production vehicle unveiled is part of Volvo Cars' 2016 commercial agreement with Uber for the delivery of tens of thousands of autonomous drive-ready base cars over the next few years
AC: The self drive-capable production vehicle unveiled is part of Volvo Cars ' 2016 commercial agreement with Uber for the delivery of tens of thousands of autonomous drive-ready base cars over the next few years

BC: The incident took place in Warangal district.
AC: The incident took place in Warangal district .

BC: Their health will also improve.
AC: Their health will also improve .

BC: You are a criminal.
AC: You are a criminal .

BC: Run test...
AC: Run test ...

BC: There it is, there it is.
AC: There it is , there it is .

BC: This film has been given a National Award.
AC: This film has been given a National Award .

BC: So after that film,...
AC: So after that film , ...

BC: """The Hamburg police could not give us clearance to leave (the residence),"" Trump's spokeswoman Stephanie Grisham said."
AC: " " " The Hamburg police could not give us clearance to leave ( the residence ) , " " Trump 's spokeswoman Stephanie Grisham said . "

BC: 14 lakh crore.
AC: 14 lakh crore .

BC: Many seek answers to this question.
AC: Many seek answers to this question .

BC: Costs are too high.
AC: Costs are too high .

BC: This was part of the Broad Gauge main route from Kolkata to Siliguri during partition. Trains traveling to Assam and North Bengal continued to travel through the then East Pakistan territory even after partition
AC: This was part of the Broad Gauge main route from Kolkata to Siliguri during partition . Trains traveling to Assam and North Bengal continued to travel through the then East Pakistan territory even after partition

BC: Thats why that law exists.
AC: Thats why that law exists .

BC: Who has given this memorandum?
AC: Who has given this memorandum ?

BC: Each person has a time.
AC: Each person has a time .

BC: Vivek Oberoi played the role of Maya.
AC: Vivek Oberoi played the role of Maya .

BC: Under this scheme, Rs.
AC: Under this scheme , Rs.

BC: Not all of them are workers.
AC: Not all of them are workers .

BC: "Hence the Collectors should personally examine all the matters and take decisions accordingly,"" the CM said."
AC: " Hence the Collectors should personally examine all the matters and take decisions accordingly , " " the CM said . "

BC: Ukraine has decided to expel 13 Russian diplomats according to President Petro Porochenko.
AC: Ukraine has decided to expel 13 Russian diplomats according to President Petro Porochenko .

BC: False propaganda being spread on social media is not good.
AC: False propaganda being spread on social media is not good .

BC: The villagers expressed anguish that the officials have not looked into their issues despite multiple complaints.
AC: The villagers expressed anguish that the officials have not looked into their issues despite multiple complaints .

BC: Her sister Karisma Kapoor came in a black dress.
AC: Her sister Karisma Kapoor came in a black dress .

BC: It can also be an example of rapid commercialization and implementation of a state of the art technology for the world to emulate, said Dr.
AC: It can also be an example of rapid commercialization and implementation of a state of the art technology for the world to emulate , said Dr.

BC: The mishap will be probed by the Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau (AAIB).
AC: The mishap will be probed by the Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau ( AAIB ) .

BC: Several people are believed to have been trapped under the debris.
AC: Several people are believed to have been trapped under the debris .

BC: "But if anyone says to you, ""This was offered to idols,"" don't eat it for the sake of the one who told you, and for the sake of conscience. For ""the earth is the Lord's, and all its fullness."""
AC: " But if anyone says to you , " " This was offered to idols , " " don 't eat it for the sake of the one who told you , and for the sake of conscience . For " " the earth is the Lord 's , and all its fullness . " " "

BC: he said.
AC: he said .

BC: the father said.
AC: the father said .

BC: He died while he was undergoing treatment there.
AC: He died while he was undergoing treatment there .

BC: Both countries signed multiple agreements to strengthen bilateral ties.
AC: Both countries signed multiple agreements to strengthen bilateral ties .

BC: The petitioners were represented by senior advocate Shyam Divan.
AC: The petitioners were represented by senior advocate Shyam Divan .

BC: This is not a movie.
AC: This is not a movie .

BC: What are the unique features of Hyderabad Metro that set it apart from other metros in the country?
AC: What are the unique features of Hyderabad Metro that set it apart from other metros in the country ?

BC: It was not a big incident.
AC: It was not a big incident .

BC: However, owing to the increase in the population and subsequent Urbanization, there is an increased pressure on our river systems
AC: However , owing to the increase in the population and subsequent Urbanization , there is an increased pressure on our river systems

BC: The farmers are protesting against the farm laws passed by the government a few months back.
AC: The farmers are protesting against the farm laws passed by the government a few months back .

BC: Moreover, she demanded the administration provide a sum of Rs 25 lakh as compensation to the families of the deceased.
AC: Moreover , she demanded the administration provide a sum of Rs 25 lakh as compensation to the families of the deceased .

BC: Planets Show is a planetarium-cum-Internet caf, which is quite popular among tourists
AC: Planets Show is a planetarium-cum-Internet caf , which is quite popular among tourists

BC: In the light of numerous complaints filed against auto drivers, Joint Commissioner of Police (Traffic) BR Ravikant Gowda said that similar drives will be carried out in other zones of the city.
AC: In the light of numerous complaints filed against auto drivers , Joint Commissioner of Police ( Traffic ) BR Ravikant Gowda said that similar drives will be carried out in other zones of the city .

BC: The police immediately rushed to stop them.
AC: The police immediately rushed to stop them .

BC: Not always easy, but possible.
AC: Not always easy , but possible .

BC: he thought.
AC: he thought .

BC: KCR reached Gannavaram airport along with his family in a special flight.
AC: KCR reached Gannavaram airport along with his family in a special flight .

BC: This is why the programme was brought to a hold.
AC: This is why the programme was brought to a hold .

BC: The Fairy Queen, a national treasure (cultural artifact) of India and the world's oldest working locomotive engine (c. 1855 CE), operates as a tourist luxury train between Delhi and Alwar.
AC: The Fairy Queen , a national treasure ( cultural artifact ) of India and the world 's oldest working locomotive engine ( c . 1855 CE ) , operates as a tourist luxury train between Delhi and Alwar .

BC: The accused should be punished.
AC: The accused should be punished .

BC: 340 crores?
AC: 340 crores ?

BC: There are 90 divers, including 50 from abroad, involved in the operation.
AC: There are 90 divers , including 50 from abroad , involved in the operation .

BC: He later went to America.
AC: He later went to America .

BC: Thats a good change.
AC: Thats a good change .

BC: It remains to be seen how Pawan Kalyan is going to react on this.
AC: It remains to be seen how Pawan Kalyan is going to react on this .

BC: It does not need great deal of intelligence to understand this.
AC: It does not need great deal of intelligence to understand this .

BC: I am not for getting married so soon.
AC: I am not for getting married so soon .

BC: How different are they?
AC: How different are they ?

BC: Campaigning for Assembly elections in Maharashtra came to end this evening.
AC: Campaigning for Assembly elections in Maharashtra came to end this evening .

BC: Is Congress out of sorts?
AC: Is Congress out of sorts ?

BC: Earlier, four MPs of the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) had joined the BJP.
AC: Earlier , four MPs of the Telugu Desam Party ( TDP ) had joined the BJP .

BC: Hyderabad: Anurag Sharma was likely to continue as the Director General of Police in Telangana.
AC: Hyderabad : Anurag Sharma was likely to continue as the Director General of Police in Telangana .

BC: India's tour of England:
AC: India 's tour of England :

BC: He faced a lot of difficulties.
AC: He faced a lot of difficulties .

BC: He has been admitted to the Rajiv Gandhi Super Speciality Hospital.
AC: He has been admitted to the Rajiv Gandhi Super Speciality Hospital .

BC: Ive seen those fellows.
AC: Ive seen those fellows .

BC: Shortly afterwards, he was captured by the Pakistani military.
AC: Shortly afterwards , he was captured by the Pakistani military .

BC: What is an air bubble?
AC: What is an air bubble ?

BC: Ranarangam is directed by Sudheer Varma and is produced by Surya Devara Naga Vamsi under Sithara Entertainments.
AC: Ranarangam is directed by Sudheer Varma and is produced by Surya Devara Naga Vamsi under Sithara Entertainments .

BC: What happens when we kiss?
AC: What happens when we kiss ?

BC: He has married an Indian woman and has three children.
AC: He has married an Indian woman and has three children .

BC: He informed his family members about this.
AC: He informed his family members about this .

BC: There is also a tax exemption given on the PPF investment.
AC: There is also a tax exemption given on the PPF investment .

BC: Later she was handed over to one Vijaya from Vijayawada, where she was sexually assaulted by one Sai, son of Vijaya.
AC: Later she was handed over to one Vijaya from Vijayawada , where she was sexually assaulted by one Sai , son of Vijaya .

BC: The Chief Minister denied this.
AC: The Chief Minister denied this .

BC: Earlier, India's fielding coach R Sridhar also heaped praise on Jadeja's fielding skills.
AC: Earlier , India 's fielding coach R Sridhar also heaped praise on Jadeja 's fielding skills .

BC: No fine has been imposed on the accused.
AC: No fine has been imposed on the accused .

BC: Indian 2, featuring Kamal Haasan, will be directed by 2.0 filmmaker S Shankar .
AC: Indian 2 , featuring Kamal Haasan , will be directed by 2.0 filmmaker S Shankar .

BC: They do whatever they want.
AC: They do whatever they want .

BC: A meeting was held in the village.
AC: A meeting was held in the village .

BC: Several persons were trapped under the debris.
AC: Several persons were trapped under the debris .

BC: Total seats at Puducheery are 150 and that at Karaikal, 50.
AC: Total seats at Puducheery are 150 and that at Karaikal , 50 .

BC: Who Can Be Trusted?
AC: Who Can Be Trusted ?

BC: Trees and electricity poles were uprooted in many areas.
AC: Trees and electricity poles were uprooted in many areas .

BC: Fire fighting officials have reached the spot and are trying to douse the fire.
AC: Fire fighting officials have reached the spot and are trying to douse the fire .

BC: Tuesday, February 25, 2020
AC: Tuesday , February 25 , 2020

BC: The journey has been absolutely amazing.
AC: The journey has been absolutely amazing .

BC: Here begins the true story.
AC: Here begins the true story .

BC: The planned tasks will be completed.
AC: The planned tasks will be completed .

BC: The movie was a huge success at the time.
AC: The movie was a huge success at the time .

BC: You have a recurring dream. Simple, innocuous events for many.
AC: You have a recurring dream . Simple , innocuous events for many .

BC: Rent a car or a bike.
AC: Rent a car or a bike .

BC: Petrol and diesel prices fell for the fourth consecutive day on Sunday.
AC: Petrol and diesel prices fell for the fourth consecutive day on Sunday .

BC: He was charged with anti-party activities.
AC: He was charged with anti-party activities .

BC: I cannot say anything.
AC: I cannot say anything .

BC: What was the movie about?
AC: What was the movie about ?

BC: Two persons have earlier died due to the disease.
AC: Two persons have earlier died due to the disease .

BC: Check out if you have missed anything.
AC: Check out if you have missed anything .

BC: A graffiti writer's tag is his or her personalized signature.
AC: A graffiti writer 's tag is his or her personalized signature .

BC: C Kalyan is bankrolling the project under Happy Movies banner and KS Ravi Kumar is directing it.
AC: C Kalyan is bankrolling the project under Happy Movies banner and KS Ravi Kumar is directing it .

BC: And I will clothe him with thy robe, and strengthen him with thy girdle, and I will commit thy government into his hand: and he shall be a father to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and to the house of Judah.
AC: And I will clothe him with thy robe , and strengthen him with thy girdle , and I will commit thy government into his hand : and he shall be a father to the inhabitants of Jerusalem , and to the house of Judah .

BC: children seriously injured.
AC: children seriously injured .

BC: Am I doing right?
AC: Am I doing right ?

BC: That happiness cant be described in words.
AC: That happiness cant be described in words .

BC: The mother can help her unbelieving husband to see the benefits of the upbuilding education that their children receive through Jehovahs organization.
AC: The mother can help her unbelieving husband to see the benefits of the upbuilding education that their children receive through Jehovahs organization .

BC: The project would cover 22 villages.
AC: The project would cover 22 villages .

BC: IPL side Royal Challengers Bangalore.
AC: IPL side Royal Challengers Bangalore .

BC: Internet services were stopped in six districts.
AC: Internet services were stopped in six districts .

BC: 10 crores, and a sum of Rs.
AC: 10 crores , and a sum of Rs.

BC: The expansion would be an important landmark in India-Chile relations and consolidate the traditional fraternal relations that have existed between India and LAC countries.
AC: The expansion would be an important landmark in India-Chile relations and consolidate the traditional fraternal relations that have existed between India and LAC countries .

BC: Police officers and fire tenders are at the spot to douse the flame.
AC: Police officers and fire tenders are at the spot to douse the flame .

BC: It needed to.
AC: It needed to .

BC: Winning a series gives you a certain number of points (120).
AC: Winning a series gives you a certain number of points ( 120 ) .

BC: 50 will be charged.
AC: 50 will be charged .

BC: We have begun a series of concerted steps.
AC: We have begun a series of concerted steps .

BC: One of the injured is in a critical state, said the police.
AC: One of the injured is in a critical state , said the police .

BC: Any problem?
AC: Any problem ?

BC: I have been to jail too.
AC: I have been to jail too .

BC: Payal Rajput, Nabha Natesh and Tanya Hope are roped into play as female leads in this movie.
AC: Payal Rajput , Nabha Natesh and Tanya Hope are roped into play as female leads in this movie .

BC: Didn't you cast vote?
AC: Didn 't you cast vote ?

BC: Analysis of the resulting photographs revealed that at times the horse was completely off the ground.
AC: Analysis of the resulting photographs revealed that at times the horse was completely off the ground .

BC: The body was shifted to Bapatla area hospital for postmortem.
AC: The body was shifted to Bapatla area hospital for postmortem .

BC: This isnt so.
AC: This isnt so .

BC: Nani and Shraddha Srinath starrer Jersey is directed by Gowtam Tinnanuri.
AC: Nani and Shraddha Srinath starrer Jersey is directed by Gowtam Tinnanuri .

BC: Farmers who commit suicide are cowards: Karnataka Agri minister B C Patil
AC: Farmers who commit suicide are cowards : Karnataka Agri minister B C Patil

BC: Prayers answered.
AC: Prayers answered .

BC: For not the way man sees is the way God sees, because mere man sees what appears to the eyes. but as for Jehovah, he sees what the heart is. 1 Samuel 16: 7.
AC: For not the way man sees is the way God sees , because mere man sees what appears to the eyes. but as for Jehovah , he sees what the heart is . 1 Samuel 16 : 7 .

BC: Thats why I did that.
AC: Thats why I did that .

BC: pang of desolation or boredom.
AC: pang of desolation or boredom .

BC: The two were married off to other people.
AC: The two were married off to other people .

BC: Vehicles and houses have got damaged.
AC: Vehicles and houses have got damaged .

BC: He also spoke about the revocation of Article 370, which gave Jammu and Kashmir a special status under the Constitution.
AC: He also spoke about the revocation of Article 370 , which gave Jammu and Kashmir a special status under the Constitution .

BC: There is no problem of finances.
AC: There is no problem of finances .

BC: were also held.
AC: were also held .

BC: She is the second of three children.
AC: She is the second of three children .

BC: A major mishap was averted as the fire force arrived immediately to douse the fire.
AC: A major mishap was averted as the fire force arrived immediately to douse the fire .

BC: Not ex-wife.
AC: Not ex-wife .

BC: "Didn't they lie?"""
AC: " Didn 't they lie ? " " "

BC: Deepika also turned producer for this film.
AC: Deepika also turned producer for this film .

BC: Misgivings remain.
AC: Misgivings remain .

BC: This is the second gold for India in this tournament.
AC: This is the second gold for India in this tournament .

BC: A 46-year-old Sri Lankan woman went and prayed inside Sabarimala Temple.
AC: A 46-year-old Sri Lankan woman went and prayed inside Sabarimala Temple .

BC: The Babylonian development of methods for predicting the motions of the planets is considered to be a major episode in the history of astronomy.
AC: The Babylonian development of methods for predicting the motions of the planets is considered to be a major episode in the history of astronomy .

BC: The airline presently has a fleet of 120 aircraft.
AC: The airline presently has a fleet of 120 aircraft .

BC: It is fear again.
AC: It is fear again .

BC: Meanwhile, Akhil has pinned high hopes on this project.
AC: Meanwhile , Akhil has pinned high hopes on this project .

BC: Talk to friends and family.
AC: Talk to friends and family .

BC: That period will end later this month.
AC: That period will end later this month .

BC: But it isn't love.
AC: But it isn 't love .

BC: BJP releases its manifesto for Maharashtra assembly election 2019.
AC: BJP releases its manifesto for Maharashtra assembly election 2019 .

BC: Water is essential for survival of all living things like plants, animals and mankind.
AC: Water is essential for survival of all living things like plants , animals and mankind .

BC: We're very encouraged.
AC: We 're very encouraged .

BC: There are four main airports in the state.
AC: There are four main airports in the state .

BC: Samples from Karnataka, Chandigarh, Gujarat, Odisha, Punjab, and Telangana were negative.
AC: Samples from Karnataka , Chandigarh , Gujarat , Odisha , Punjab , and Telangana were negative .

BC: After this there was a tense situation in the village.
AC: After this there was a tense situation in the village .

BC: Srinivas Bellamkonda plays the character of a cop in the film.
AC: Srinivas Bellamkonda plays the character of a cop in the film .

BC: When she refuses, she is warned that she will regret her decision.
AC: When she refuses , she is warned that she will regret her decision .

BC: After Madhya Pradesh which passed the law, Rajasthan is the second state to bring such law in force.
AC: After Madhya Pradesh which passed the law , Rajasthan is the second state to bring such law in force .

BC: Discussions in this regard have also been held with Central government.
AC: Discussions in this regard have also been held with Central government .

BC: However, the footage leaked and went viral on the social media.
AC: However , the footage leaked and went viral on the social media .

BC: Is d of 3 infinity?
AC: Is d of 3 infinity ?

BC: It gets tiring.
AC: It gets tiring .

BC: What is the root of this problem?
AC: What is the root of this problem ?

BC: No effort yielded result.
AC: No effort yielded result .

BC: The story ended there.
AC: The story ended there .

BC: Thats the real problem.
AC: Thats the real problem .

BC: Many didn't want to stop.
AC: Many didn 't want to stop .

BC: We can gain insight into this by a careful consideration of Mark chapter 6.
AC: We can gain insight into this by a careful consideration of Mark chapter 6 .

BC: The apostle Peter went to Babylon.
AC: The apostle Peter went to Babylon .

BC: A photo had been shared too.
AC: A photo had been shared too .

BC: A video of Arabella reciting a Chinese poem went viral in China shortly after Trump's election.
AC: A video of Arabella reciting a Chinese poem went viral in China shortly after Trump 's election .

BC: "I think the idea was inspired by Steinbeck."""
AC: " I think the idea was inspired by Steinbeck . " " "

BC: Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister YS Jaganmohan Reddy held a review in the wake of heavy rains in the state.
AC: Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister YS Jaganmohan Reddy held a review in the wake of heavy rains in the state .

BC: A normal road requires 10 tonnes of bitumen for each kilometre.
AC: A normal road requires 10 tonnes of bitumen for each kilometre .

BC: """The combined networks of the two companies will cover more than 80 per cent of Ghana's population, in particular in villages and far flung areas and serve customers with affordable world-class voice/ data services, affordable global roaming and mobile banking services,"" a Bharti Airtel statement said."
AC: " " " The combined networks of the two companies will cover more than 80 per cent of Ghana 's population , in particular in villages and far flung areas and serve customers with affordable world-class voice / data services , affordable global roaming and mobile banking services , " " a Bharti Airtel statement said . "

BC: Ashwin gets the wicket.
AC: Ashwin gets the wicket .

BC: What exactly happened that day?
AC: What exactly happened that day ?

BC: Another person died in hospital.
AC: Another person died in hospital .

BC: White witnessed famine in the Chinese province of Henan.
AC: White witnessed famine in the Chinese province of Henan .

BC: Many leaders have quit the party.
AC: Many leaders have quit the party .

BC: Sentiment also got a lift from Finance Minister Arun Jaitleys assurance that the proposed Goods and Services Tax (GST) rate would be less than 18 per cent and on likely scrapping of 1 per cent additional tax.
AC: Sentiment also got a lift from Finance Minister Arun Jaitleys assurance that the proposed Goods and Services Tax ( GST ) rate would be less than 18 per cent and on likely scrapping of 1 per cent additional tax .

BC: What is madness?
AC: What is madness ?

BC: Stocks fell 1.2 per cent.
AC: Stocks fell 1.2 per cent .

BC: """Prime Minister Narendra Modi had talked with all the Chief Ministers about this through a video conference."
AC: " " " Prime Minister Narendra Modi had talked with all the Chief Ministers about this through a video conference . "

BC: India is the fourth country to achieve this capability after USA, Russia and China.
AC: India is the fourth country to achieve this capability after USA , Russia and China .

BC: It features Shahid Kapoor and Sonakshi Sinha.
AC: It features Shahid Kapoor and Sonakshi Sinha .

BC: What is the relation between these two?
AC: What is the relation between these two ?

BC: It was surprising to hear this.
AC: It was surprising to hear this .

BC: Thats I think what helped me.
AC: Thats I think what helped me .

BC: I believe things will happen when they have to happen.
AC: I believe things will happen when they have to happen .

BC: Heartiest greetings to my dear friend Shinzo Abe on his big election win.
AC: Heartiest greetings to my dear friend Shinzo Abe on his big election win .

BC: The improvement in the professional competence is also expected to help the professionals in tapping employment opportunities in emerging corporate areas including those in overseas.
AC: The improvement in the professional competence is also expected to help the professionals in tapping employment opportunities in emerging corporate areas including those in overseas .

BC: Rashmika Mandanna plays the heroine in the film.
AC: Rashmika Mandanna plays the heroine in the film .

BC: The BJP is the largest single party in the fourth assembly.
AC: The BJP is the largest single party in the fourth assembly .

BC: Cabinet approves Cadre Review of Group 'A' Executive Officers of Border Security Force
AC: Cabinet approves Cadre Review of Group ' A ' Executive Officers of Border Security Force

BC: I dont remember what she said.
AC: I dont remember what she said .

BC: What is this supposed to be?
AC: What is this supposed to be ?

BC: There were no serious injuries.
AC: There were no serious injuries .

BC: The children of Reuben, Israel's firstborn, their generations, by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, one by one, every male from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war.
AC: The children of Reuben , Israel 's firstborn , their generations , by their families , by their fathers ' houses , according to the number of the names , one by one , every male from twenty years old and upward , all who were able to go out to war .

BC: Each bus has 10 counters, with three officials deployed at each counter
AC: Each bus has 10 counters , with three officials deployed at each counter

BC: Some other countries are doing the same.
AC: Some other countries are doing the same .

BC: While large farms concentrate mainly on grain production and animal husbandry, while small private household plots produce most of the country's potatoes, vegetables and fruits.
AC: While large farms concentrate mainly on grain production and animal husbandry , while small private household plots produce most of the country 's potatoes , vegetables and fruits .

BC: As part of the Rythu Bharosa, in the first installment Rs
AC: As part of the Rythu Bharosa , in the first installment Rs

BC: We're the mop-up crew.
AC: We 're the mop-up crew .

BC: This goes for parents, too.
AC: This goes for parents , too .

BC: Family pressure.
AC: Family pressure .

BC: Lets eat!
AC: Lets eat !

BC: President of India Ram Nath Kovind condoled his death.
AC: President of India Ram Nath Kovind condoled his death .

BC: This is everyday happening.
AC: This is everyday happening .

BC: There is no place to walk.
AC: There is no place to walk .

BC: The Supreme Court.
AC: The Supreme Court .

BC: Why does this cause so much joy?
AC: Why does this cause so much joy ?

BC: Income from sale (Rs cr)
AC: Income from sale ( Rs cr )

BC: 137 crores.
AC: 137 crores .

BC: That is how society is changed.
AC: That is how society is changed .

BC: Did they not enjoy a dedicated relationship with God?
AC: Did they not enjoy a dedicated relationship with God ?

BC: It is going to be a huge film.
AC: It is going to be a huge film .

BC: I saw the film.
AC: I saw the film .

BC: I had no help.
AC: I had no help .

BC: Is it the essence of devotion?
AC: Is it the essence of devotion ?

BC: In the United Kingdom, The Element of Freedom became Keys' first album to top the UK Albums Chart.
AC: In the United Kingdom , The Element of Freedom became Keys ' first album to top the UK Albums Chart .

BC: What does a human being need?
AC: What does a human being need ?

BC: Country has lost one of its greatest leaders: Congress pays rich tributes to Pranab Mukherjee
AC: Country has lost one of its greatest leaders : Congress pays rich tributes to Pranab Mukherjee

BC: Still, the children would not smile.
AC: Still , the children would not smile .

BC: Of the three deaths, two were in Karnataka and one in Gujarat and Kerala and Mumbai.
AC: Of the three deaths , two were in Karnataka and one in Gujarat and Kerala and Mumbai .

BC: Counting will be held the same day after polling.
AC: Counting will be held the same day after polling .

BC: He talked to US President Vladimir Putin about it.
AC: He talked to US President Vladimir Putin about it .

BC: So what does a director do?
AC: So what does a director do ?

BC: The matter is still sub judice.
AC: The matter is still sub judice .

BC: Never saw such rains.
AC: Never saw such rains .

BC: Heat the oven to 200 degrees Celsius.
AC: Heat the oven to 200 degrees Celsius .

BC: The bitter winter has caused much suffering to the children and elderly people.
AC: The bitter winter has caused much suffering to the children and elderly people .

BC: They are safe.
AC: They are safe .

BC: If we take delight in Gods law, our days can become like those of a tree.
AC: If we take delight in Gods law , our days can become like those of a tree .

BC: And thats not necessarily a bad thing.
AC: And thats not necessarily a bad thing .

BC: 6, 7. (a) How did Jehovah magnify his loving - kindness in Lots case? ( b) When did Lot make mention of Jehovahs loving - kindness?
AC: 6 , 7 . ( a ) How did Jehovah magnify his loving - kindness in Lots case ? ( b ) When did Lot make mention of Jehovahs loving - kindness ?

BC: Ill give you that.
AC: Ill give you that .

BC: Wadia Institute of Himalayan Geology, Dehradun is an autonomous research institute for the study of Geology of the Himalaya under the Department of Science and Technology, Ministry of Science and Technology, Govt.
AC: Wadia Institute of Himalayan Geology , Dehradun is an autonomous research institute for the study of Geology of the Himalaya under the Department of Science and Technology , Ministry of Science and Technology , Govt .

BC: On the other hand BJP has rubbished the allegations.
AC: On the other hand BJP has rubbished the allegations .

BC: Delhi Metro services were briefly suspended following the temblor.
AC: Delhi Metro services were briefly suspended following the temblor .

BC: But what will it look like?
AC: But what will it look like ?

BC: There is nothing more strenuous than that.
AC: There is nothing more strenuous than that .

BC: "The details will be notified soon."""
AC: " The details will be notified soon . " " "

BC: They have thus won the two-match Test series 1-0.
AC: They have thus won the two-match Test series 1-0 .

BC: Usually his wife performed reading of the poem.
AC: Usually his wife performed reading of the poem .

BC: The violent riots in Delhi have killed 42 so far.
AC: The violent riots in Delhi have killed 42 so far .

BC: Police reached there.
AC: Police reached there .

BC: I was numb for a moment.
AC: I was numb for a moment .

BC: The mayor has also written a letter to Prime minister Narendra Modi, demanding a CBI probe in the death of Sushant Singh Rajput.
AC: The mayor has also written a letter to Prime minister Narendra Modi , demanding a CBI probe in the death of Sushant Singh Rajput .

BC: It also helps in the overall development of the baby.
AC: It also helps in the overall development of the baby .

BC: 30 lakhs, they demanded.
AC: 30 lakhs , they demanded .

BC: New Delhi: Jewellery worth Rs.
AC: New Delhi : Jewellery worth Rs.

BC: However, the opposition leaders have shown dismay upon the decision.
AC: However , the opposition leaders have shown dismay upon the decision .

BC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi congratulated Satyarthi and Malala.
AC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi congratulated Satyarthi and Malala .

BC: You killed it!
AC: You killed it !

BC: Police suspect short circuit to be the cause of the fire.
AC: Police suspect short circuit to be the cause of the fire .

BC: Thus, it does immense good to the world at large, he added.
AC: Thus , it does immense good to the world at large , he added .

BC: People in Noahs day took no note of impending judgment do you?
AC: People in Noahs day took no note of impending judgment do you ?

BC: By dismissing India's KL Rahul off the first ball of a Test match at Eden Gardens, Kolkata, he became the first Sri Lankan bowler to achieve the distinction.
AC: By dismissing India 's KL Rahul off the first ball of a Test match at Eden Gardens , Kolkata , he became the first Sri Lankan bowler to achieve the distinction .

BC: It is the most expensive option because it involves a lot of work and a lot of post-processing and it is an invasive process and therefore can result in other secondary effects, and so we look at the small schematic here.
AC: It is the most expensive option because it involves a lot of work and a lot of post-processing and it is an invasive process and therefore can result in other secondary effects , and so we look at the small schematic here .

BC: Chennai Super Kings are one of the most successful teams in the history of the Indian Premier League (IPL).
AC: Chennai Super Kings are one of the most successful teams in the history of the Indian Premier League ( IPL ) .

BC: Encourage healthy eating habits among children.
AC: Encourage healthy eating habits among children .

BC: I deeply regret any harm I have caused to anyone.
AC: I deeply regret any harm I have caused to anyone .

BC: The centre should handhold AP until it gets on par with other South Indian states in terms of per-capita income.
AC: The centre should handhold AP until it gets on par with other South Indian states in terms of per-capita income .

BC: Of these, 3 from Kerala were treated and discharged
AC: Of these , 3 from Kerala were treated and discharged

BC: Why are parts of the North East are protesting it?
AC: Why are parts of the North East are protesting it ?

BC: She often shares photos of him on social media.
AC: She often shares photos of him on social media .

BC: 280 crore.
AC: 280 crore .

BC: "Bolsonaro said that once a vaccine has been certified by Brazil's regulatory agency Anvisa, ""it will be available for everyone that wants it."
AC: " Bolsonaro said that once a vaccine has been certified by Brazil 's regulatory agency Anvisa , " " it will be available for everyone that wants it . "

BC: I worked so hard for this.
AC: I worked so hard for this .

BC: Eyes blinked rapidly.
AC: Eyes blinked rapidly .

BC: No one can be compared to him.
AC: No one can be compared to him .

BC: Grapes are either harvested mechanically or by hand.
AC: Grapes are either harvested mechanically or by hand .

BC: Paul could have allowed himself to be a financial burden to his Christian brothers in Corinth.
AC: Paul could have allowed himself to be a financial burden to his Christian brothers in Corinth .

BC: There are many people suffering from shortage of blood every single day.
AC: There are many people suffering from shortage of blood every single day .

BC: Naravari Palli is the native place of TDP chief Chandra Babu Naidu.
AC: Naravari Palli is the native place of TDP chief Chandra Babu Naidu .

BC: The post-mortem report has declared that the girl was raped and murdered.
AC: The post-mortem report has declared that the girl was raped and murdered .

BC: Visit a doctor if you suffer any of these signs and symptoms.
AC: Visit a doctor if you suffer any of these signs and symptoms .

BC: The music is being composed by Vishal-Shekhar.
AC: The music is being composed by Vishal-Shekhar .

BC: "While journalists feared for their lives, Bills were passed in the Parliament without any discussion and elected leaders like him were not allowed to speak in the Lok Sabha because, ""one man thinks he is not the Prime Minister but he is the king of the country,"" he said."
AC: " While journalists feared for their lives , Bills were passed in the Parliament without any discussion and elected leaders like him were not allowed to speak in the Lok Sabha because , " " one man thinks he is not the Prime Minister but he is the king of the country , " " he said . "

BC: The film, however, failed to impress at the box office.
AC: The film , however , failed to impress at the box office .

BC: Salman Khan's character is going to be on the same lines as Aamir Khan and Hrithik Roshan's part in previous Dhoom films.
AC: Salman Khan 's character is going to be on the same lines as Aamir Khan and Hrithik Roshan 's part in previous Dhoom films .

BC: Vijay Chilla and Shashi Devi Reddy are producing the film under 70 MM Entertainments banner.
AC: Vijay Chilla and Shashi Devi Reddy are producing the film under 70 MM Entertainments banner .

BC: The legends say that when her husband deserted her and married another woman, she prayed to Lord Shiva and asked him to turn her into a demoness
AC: The legends say that when her husband deserted her and married another woman , she prayed to Lord Shiva and asked him to turn her into a demoness

BC: I work for a private firm.
AC: I work for a private firm .

BC: The Congress leaders are restless.
AC: The Congress leaders are restless .

BC: Janardhan Reddys daughter Brahmani Reddy married Rajeev Reddy, son of Andhra businessman Panyam Vikram Deva Reddy, in Bengaluru.
AC: Janardhan Reddys daughter Brahmani Reddy married Rajeev Reddy , son of Andhra businessman Panyam Vikram Deva Reddy , in Bengaluru .

BC: Why this question?
AC: Why this question ?

BC: The internet was not working.
AC: The internet was not working .

BC: Water cannons being used on farmers.
AC: Water cannons being used on farmers .

BC: There are many key takeaways from this.
AC: There are many key takeaways from this .

BC: The death sentence awarded to them was also upheld by the Punjab and Haryana High Court.
AC: The death sentence awarded to them was also upheld by the Punjab and Haryana High Court .

BC: They havent done any film together since then.
AC: They havent done any film together since then .

BC: Thats what its like in the film industry.
AC: Thats what its like in the film industry .

BC: Salary upto 15 thousand.
AC: Salary upto 15 thousand .

BC: Man of the Match: Rohit Sharma
AC: Man of the Match : Rohit Sharma

BC: CJI Gogoi has, however, nominated Justice AK Sikri in his place.
AC: CJI Gogoi has , however , nominated Justice AK Sikri in his place .

BC: Madras High Court's orders
AC: Madras High Court 's orders

BC: The police rushed to the town and dispersed the protesters.
AC: The police rushed to the town and dispersed the protesters .

BC: The victim lodged complaint with the police.
AC: The victim lodged complaint with the police .

BC: They later committed suicide.
AC: They later committed suicide .

BC: Ram Gopal Varma is one of the most controversial directors in Tollywood.
AC: Ram Gopal Varma is one of the most controversial directors in Tollywood .

BC: The family members lodged a complaint with the police.
AC: The family members lodged a complaint with the police .

BC: His eyes were swollen.
AC: His eyes were swollen .

BC: nor, Can they talk?
AC: nor , Can they talk ?

BC: A man in West Bengal's Dankuni area reached a branch of Manappuram Finance Limited in the hope of securing a gold loan against two cows.
AC: A man in West Bengal 's Dankuni area reached a branch of Manappuram Finance Limited in the hope of securing a gold loan against two cows .

BC: Thats true for every artist.
AC: Thats true for every artist .

BC: Add a little salt.
AC: Add a little salt .

BC: The police also reached the spot and nabbed the youth.
AC: The police also reached the spot and nabbed the youth .

BC: It's celebrity chef Vikas Khanna.
AC: It 's celebrity chef Vikas Khanna .

BC: Not the kings.
AC: Not the kings .

BC: Add some hot water if the mixture is too thick.
AC: Add some hot water if the mixture is too thick .

BC: Rainfall over central India, east and north-eastern states is likely to be poorer, than that in the southern peninsula and north-west India.
AC: Rainfall over central India , east and north-eastern states is likely to be poorer , than that in the southern peninsula and north-west India .

BC: It is a great shock to everyone.
AC: It is a great shock to everyone .

BC: He grew up in Hyderabad.
AC: He grew up in Hyderabad .

BC: Youll come? I asked.
AC: Youll come ? I asked .

BC: Here are the latest updates on the film.
AC: Here are the latest updates on the film .

BC: Registration Fee: Rs.
AC: Registration Fee : Rs.

BC: Im very happy for having achieved that.
AC: Im very happy for having achieved that .

BC: People want variety.
AC: People want variety .

BC: The TS i-PASS legislation brought by the Government for the industrial development of the State is yielding good results.
AC: The TS i-PASS legislation brought by the Government for the industrial development of the State is yielding good results .

BC: Dont abuse.
AC: Dont abuse .

BC: """, he asked jovially."
AC: " " , " he asked jovially . "

BC: The film is set to release next month.
AC: The film is set to release next month .

BC: In addition, for the first time, this Redmi series smartphone will feature a USB-C port.
AC: In addition , for the first time , this Redmi series smartphone will feature a USB-C port .

BC: Once the Christian congregation was founded at Pentecost 33 C.E., Christs followers became the nation producing its fruits.
AC: Once the Christian congregation was founded at Pentecost 33 C.E. , Christs followers became the nation producing its fruits .

BC: The city is also the seat of a bench of the Madras High Court, one of only a few outside the state capitals of India.
AC: The city is also the seat of a bench of the Madras High Court , one of only a few outside the state capitals of India .

BC: They go wherever they like.
AC: They go wherever they like .

BC: The Delhi International Airport Ltd (DIAL) is operating the Indira Gandhi International Airport here on public private partnership.
AC: The Delhi International Airport Ltd ( DIAL ) is operating the Indira Gandhi International Airport here on public private partnership .

BC: The movie was directed by Rakesh Roshan.
AC: The movie was directed by Rakesh Roshan .

BC: The Interpreters Bible observes: The fullness of spiritual achievement is not to be attained by the individual in isolation, just as one part of the body cannot reach its mature development except as the whole body continues its healthy growth.
AC: The Interpreters Bible observes : The fullness of spiritual achievement is not to be attained by the individual in isolation , just as one part of the body cannot reach its mature development except as the whole body continues its healthy growth .

BC: But theyre not doing this to anyone.
AC: But theyre not doing this to anyone .

BC: Thats not entirely true.
AC: Thats not entirely true .

BC: Some people get annoyed.
AC: Some people get annoyed .

BC: I got U/A certificate.
AC: I got U / A certificate .

BC: Ben Stokes' banter at Virat Kohli
AC: Ben Stokes ' banter at Virat Kohli

BC: Fast drying.
AC: Fast drying .

BC: People are confused.
AC: People are confused .

BC: The whole incident was recorded on CCTV cameras.
AC: The whole incident was recorded on CCTV cameras .

BC: Participating states: Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Delaware, Massachusetts, and Maryland (these states represent over 46 million people, 20% of the US population).
AC: Participating states : Maine , New Hampshire , Vermont , Connecticut , New York , New Jersey , Delaware , Massachusetts , and Maryland ( these states represent over 46 million people , 20 % of the US population ) .

BC: But actually it is not true.
AC: But actually it is not true .

BC: Let's not forget Pakistan and China are good friends.
AC: Let 's not forget Pakistan and China are good friends .

BC: That's swelling up pretty quick.
AC: That 's swelling up pretty quick .

BC: BJP is scared.
AC: BJP is scared .

BC: The storage capacity on the smartphone can be expanded to 32GB via a microSD card.
AC: The storage capacity on the smartphone can be expanded to 32GB via a microSD card .

BC: An encounter broke out between security forces and terrorists in Malmapanpora area of Jammu and Kashmir's Sopore.
AC: An encounter broke out between security forces and terrorists in Malmapanpora area of Jammu and Kashmir 's Sopore .

BC: The teaser, which was released recently, has garnered a great response from the audience.
AC: The teaser , which was released recently , has garnered a great response from the audience .

BC: Water will come out.
AC: Water will come out .

BC: He is survived by his wife, two sons and a daughter
AC: He is survived by his wife , two sons and a daughter

BC: The youth are fighting for it.
AC: The youth are fighting for it .

BC: The local magnetic declination is given on most maps, to allow the map to be oriented with a compass parallel to true north.
AC: The local magnetic declination is given on most maps , to allow the map to be oriented with a compass parallel to true north .

BC: 16,000 crore.
AC: 16,000 crore .

BC: "But when he thought about these things, behold, an angel of the Lord appeared to him in a dream, saying, ""Joseph, son of David, don't be afraid to take to yourself Mary, your wife, for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Spirit."
AC: " But when he thought about these things , behold , an angel of the Lord appeared to him in a dream , saying , " " Joseph , son of David , don 't be afraid to take to yourself Mary , your wife , for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Spirit . "

BC: What are the health benefits of breastfeeding?
AC: What are the health benefits of breastfeeding ?

BC: Although most of Norton Motorcycles' are in the 800cc and above category, there are reports which suggest that TVS might introduce a 500cc motorcycle in the Indian market soon
AC: Although most of Norton Motorcycles ' are in the 800cc and above category , there are reports which suggest that TVS might introduce a 500cc motorcycle in the Indian market soon

BC: He is a people representative.
AC: He is a people representative .

BC: You will get full support of boss and colleagues.
AC: You will get full support of boss and colleagues .

BC: A case has been registered against him under the Excise Act.
AC: A case has been registered against him under the Excise Act .

BC: Cases have been filed.
AC: Cases have been filed .

BC: Due to the pressure from the friendly countries in the month of August in that year, the Soviet Union overcame the strong agreement with Japan and took control of Manchuria, North Korea that were in the control of Japan.
AC: Due to the pressure from the friendly countries in the month of August in that year , the Soviet Union overcame the strong agreement with Japan and took control of Manchuria , North Korea that were in the control of Japan .

BC: All the 25 MPs have to stick to one stand.
AC: All the 25 MPs have to stick to one stand .

BC: The Assembly condoled the recent demise of former President Pranab Mukherjee and Dubbak MLA Solipeta Ramalinga Reddy before paying them glowing tributes.
AC: The Assembly condoled the recent demise of former President Pranab Mukherjee and Dubbak MLA Solipeta Ramalinga Reddy before paying them glowing tributes .

BC: The relationship had ended.
AC: The relationship had ended .

BC: He is a top man.
AC: He is a top man .

BC: West Indies' Andre Russell ruled out of World Cup due to injury, Sunil Ambris called in as replacement
AC: West Indies ' Andre Russell ruled out of World Cup due to injury , Sunil Ambris called in as replacement

BC: Situated approximately 1 km from the centre of district Basti and close to the village Ganeshpur, the Rashtriya Van Chetna Kendra houses a childrens park and a beautiful lake that offers boating facilities to the visitors
AC: Situated approximately 1 km from the centre of district Basti and close to the village Ganeshpur , the Rashtriya Van Chetna Kendra houses a childrens park and a beautiful lake that offers boating facilities to the visitors

BC: But he didn't get the opportunity.
AC: But he didn 't get the opportunity .

BC: The Bible says: Valuable things will be of no benefit on the day of fury, and the one trusting in his riches he himself will fall.
AC: The Bible says : Valuable things will be of no benefit on the day of fury , and the one trusting in his riches he himself will fall .

BC: A large number of devotees visit the temple on the day of Maha Shivaratri.
AC: A large number of devotees visit the temple on the day of Maha Shivaratri .

BC: He was immediately shifted to a hospital and is undergoing treatment.
AC: He was immediately shifted to a hospital and is undergoing treatment .

BC: The government lost the no-trust vote.
AC: The government lost the no-trust vote .

BC: It also elevates the blood pressure.
AC: It also elevates the blood pressure .

BC: The incident took place in Madhya Pradeshs Shahdol.
AC: The incident took place in Madhya Pradeshs Shahdol .

BC: 50 Lakh, he said.
AC: 50 Lakh , he said .

BC: That never works anywhere.
AC: That never works anywhere .

BC: Akbari Masjid, built by Mughal Emperor Akbar in 1571, is located between the Shahjahani Gate and Buland Darwaza in Dargah Sharif
AC: Akbari Masjid , built by Mughal Emperor Akbar in 1571 , is located between the Shahjahani Gate and Buland Darwaza in Dargah Sharif

BC: RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat speaks at the event titled Future of Bharat: An RSS perspective, in New Delhi.
AC: RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat speaks at the event titled Future of Bharat : An RSS perspective , in New Delhi .

BC: Market experts say the fall in prices in the international market is due to the less demand from jewelers and buyers in the domestic market.
AC: Market experts say the fall in prices in the international market is due to the less demand from jewelers and buyers in the domestic market .

BC: God gave Job double what he had lost, and he lived a long, happy life.
AC: God gave Job double what he had lost , and he lived a long , happy life .

BC: Onions have strong antifungal, antibacterial and antiparasitic properties.
AC: Onions have strong antifungal , antibacterial and antiparasitic properties .

BC: The shooting of the movie has already begun.
AC: The shooting of the movie has already begun .

BC: This scene is being designed and directed by the Hollywood action director, Paul Jennings.
AC: This scene is being designed and directed by the Hollywood action director , Paul Jennings .

BC: Also, pictures are important.
AC: Also , pictures are important .

BC: We need to assess the risk of having some nanotechnology risk, in terms of its effect on environment, its effect on ecology and ultimately its effect on human health.
AC: We need to assess the risk of having some nanotechnology risk , in terms of its effect on environment , its effect on ecology and ultimately its effect on human health .

BC: Police have arrested the accused and sent him to jail.
AC: Police have arrested the accused and sent him to jail .

BC: Sagar was miffed.
AC: Sagar was miffed .

BC: He just wanted to be an engineer.
AC: He just wanted to be an engineer .

BC: wide campaign.
AC: wide campaign .

BC: Why did she do that?
AC: Why did she do that ?

BC: According to the report of...
AC: According to the report of ...

BC: He got no reply.
AC: He got no reply .

BC: The movie has been directed by Hemant Madhukar and produced by Kona Venkat.
AC: The movie has been directed by Hemant Madhukar and produced by Kona Venkat .

BC: The Bijapur district occupies the south western part of Chhattisgarh.
AC: The Bijapur district occupies the south western part of Chhattisgarh .

BC: Some things to consider:
AC: Some things to consider :

BC: He also criticized the BJP.
AC: He also criticized the BJP .

BC: Consequently, the Telangana State was formed.
AC: Consequently , the Telangana State was formed .

BC: He had also said that he will honour the courts decision.
AC: He had also said that he will honour the courts decision .

BC: Pawan Kalyan had...
AC: Pawan Kalyan had ...

BC: He has been an MLA four times.
AC: He has been an MLA four times .

BC: But very few adhere to it.
AC: But very few adhere to it .

BC: How could it be checked?
AC: How could it be checked ?

BC: The girl was not married.
AC: The girl was not married .

BC: Bengaluru: With Karnataka in the throes of a political crisis, Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy met dissenting Congress MLA Ramalinga Reddy ...Read More
AC: Bengaluru : With Karnataka in the throes of a political crisis , Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy met dissenting Congress MLA Ramalinga Reddy ... Read More

BC: Not A Party.
AC: Not A Party .

BC: 750 onwards.
AC: 750 onwards .

BC: Is it any different?
AC: Is it any different ?

BC: Police detained the driver of the vehicle.
AC: Police detained the driver of the vehicle .

BC: Reduce stress.
AC: Reduce stress .

BC: Every completely normal space is also normal.
AC: Every completely normal space is also normal .

BC: A total of Rs 236 crore were spent.
AC: A total of Rs 236 crore were spent .

BC: Taking turns each Sunday, one of us stayed home with the children while the other visited a prospective church.
AC: Taking turns each Sunday , one of us stayed home with the children while the other visited a prospective church .

BC: Many rules and regulations were required to be amended.
AC: Many rules and regulations were required to be amended .

BC: Today, this ungodly world will meet God at Armageddon.
AC: Today , this ungodly world will meet God at Armageddon .

BC: """The national economy is slowing down."
AC: " " " The national economy is slowing down . "

BC: After that it was fine.
AC: After that it was fine .

BC: Theres nothing offensive in the film.
AC: Theres nothing offensive in the film .

BC: He was born in a poor family.
AC: He was born in a poor family .

BC: These include big movie stars, politicians and industrialists.
AC: These include big movie stars , politicians and industrialists .

BC: Wrestling with unfamiliar ideas can help clarify your own thinking.
AC: Wrestling with unfamiliar ideas can help clarify your own thinking .

BC: Samantha, Anasuya and Pooja Hedge will appear in vital roles
AC: Samantha , Anasuya and Pooja Hedge will appear in vital roles

BC: Go on like this.
AC: Go on like this .

BC: Im very happy that I will be meeting him again.
AC: Im very happy that I will be meeting him again .

BC: Moreover your little ones, which ye said should be a prey, and your children, which in that day had no knowledge between good and evil, they shall go in thither, and unto them will I give it, and they shall possess it.
AC: Moreover your little ones , which ye said should be a prey , and your children , which in that day had no knowledge between good and evil , they shall go in thither , and unto them will I give it , and they shall possess it .

BC: and you shall rise up from the ambush, and take possession of the city. for Yahweh your God will deliver it into your hand.
AC: and you shall rise up from the ambush , and take possession of the city. for Yahweh your God will deliver it into your hand .

BC: The incident took place in Kerala's Thiruvananthapuram.
AC: The incident took place in Kerala 's Thiruvananthapuram .

BC: They must promote trade, not strategic competition.
AC: They must promote trade , not strategic competition .

BC: She has starred in Kannada, Telugu and Malayalam films.
AC: She has starred in Kannada , Telugu and Malayalam films .

BC: MLA from the Shornur constituency and leader of the ruling party in Kerala PK Sasi has been accused of sexually harassing a woman leader of the Democratic Youth Federation of India (DYFI).
AC: MLA from the Shornur constituency and leader of the ruling party in Kerala PK Sasi has been accused of sexually harassing a woman leader of the Democratic Youth Federation of India ( DYFI ) .

BC: In 1977, Rev
AC: In 1977 , Rev

BC: """What more is there to say?"
AC: " " " What more is there to say ? "

BC: What may begin as a calm exchange of thoughts can quickly spiral into a verbal slugging match.
AC: What may begin as a calm exchange of thoughts can quickly spiral into a verbal slugging match .

BC: He was, however, wrong.
AC: He was , however , wrong .

BC: The video was shared on social media.
AC: The video was shared on social media .

BC: Avoid alcohol, smoking and drugs.
AC: Avoid alcohol , smoking and drugs .

BC: WhatsApp messages and posts on social media are routinely spreading fake news.
AC: WhatsApp messages and posts on social media are routinely spreading fake news .

BC: "It must be reversed."""
AC: " It must be reversed . " " "

BC: What is testosterone?
AC: What is testosterone ?

BC: The shares will be listed on BSE and NSE.
AC: The shares will be listed on BSE and NSE .

BC: The films shooting is over.
AC: The films shooting is over .

BC: Theres no competition between the two.
AC: Theres no competition between the two .

BC: They demanded special status for Andhra Pradesh.
AC: They demanded special status for Andhra Pradesh .

BC: You might need to install other software to open this address.
AC: You might need to install other software to open this address .

BC: The government is planning to move the floodwaters of 210 tmc of water at the rate of 23 thousand cusecs per day to the hard-drinking water in the sea by the Godavari.
AC: The government is planning to move the floodwaters of 210 tmc of water at the rate of 23 thousand cusecs per day to the hard-drinking water in the sea by the Godavari .

BC: Treat stomach disorders: Coriander seeds are used to treat stomach disorders.
AC: Treat stomach disorders : Coriander seeds are used to treat stomach disorders .

BC: Does this seem plausible?
AC: Does this seem plausible ?

BC: The BJP wrests power?
AC: The BJP wrests power ?

BC: China claims Taiwan as its own territory.
AC: China claims Taiwan as its own territory .

BC: He said he didnt know.
AC: He said he didnt know .

BC: For example, he found that controlling his quick temper was surprisingly difficult.
AC: For example , he found that controlling his quick temper was surprisingly difficult .

BC: Congress won 19 seats.
AC: Congress won 19 seats .

BC: He challenges the prime minister to a debate on corruption.
AC: He challenges the prime minister to a debate on corruption .

BC: Unemployment and poverty persist.
AC: Unemployment and poverty persist .

BC: Isnt it understandable?
AC: Isnt it understandable ?

BC: Ethan has killed at least two wives.
AC: Ethan has killed at least two wives .

BC: Amaravati: Police has locked the main gate of TDP Chief and former Andhra Pradesh CM Chandrababu Naidu's residence.
AC: Amaravati : Police has locked the main gate of TDP Chief and former Andhra Pradesh CM Chandrababu Naidu 's residence .

BC: I never thought I could be a hero.
AC: I never thought I could be a hero .

BC: She told this to her family.
AC: She told this to her family .

BC: Rinse well with water.
AC: Rinse well with water .

BC: The situation is peaceful.
AC: The situation is peaceful .

BC: I have answered your question.
AC: I have answered your question .

BC: Who else stars in the film?
AC: Who else stars in the film ?

BC: The film is fine,too.
AC: The film is fine , too .

BC: It will have a driving range of 312 km on a single charge.
AC: It will have a driving range of 312 km on a single charge .

BC: In 2013, Bentley launched the second-generation Flying Spur as a distinctly separate model line
AC: In 2013 , Bentley launched the second-generation Flying Spur as a distinctly separate model line

BC: The woman suffered serious injuries in the accident and has been undergoing treatment at a hospital.
AC: The woman suffered serious injuries in the accident and has been undergoing treatment at a hospital .

BC: I am not a good actor.
AC: I am not a good actor .

BC: It was decided.
AC: It was decided .

BC: The top five finalists were Sunny Hindustani, Rohit Raut, Adriz Ghosh, Ankona Mukherjee, and Ridham Kalyan.
AC: The top five finalists were Sunny Hindustani , Rohit Raut , Adriz Ghosh , Ankona Mukherjee , and Ridham Kalyan .

BC: Speaker Pocharam Srinivas Reddy, ministers and MLAs attended the ceremony.
AC: Speaker Pocharam Srinivas Reddy , ministers and MLAs attended the ceremony .

BC: Hence the migrant labourers are suffering.
AC: Hence the migrant labourers are suffering .

BC: Types of spin.
AC: Types of spin .

BC: He was already married and had two children.
AC: He was already married and had two children .

BC: The victims family members sought the police should register a case of murder.
AC: The victims family members sought the police should register a case of murder .

BC: How its going.
AC: How its going .

BC: Four flights were diverted from Delhi airport.
AC: Four flights were diverted from Delhi airport .

BC: There was security personnel there.
AC: There was security personnel there .

BC: RELIGIONS around the world such as the Roman Catholic Church, the various Orthodox churches, Buddhism, and others require celibacy of their religious leaders and clergy.
AC: RELIGIONS around the world such as the Roman Catholic Church , the various Orthodox churches , Buddhism , and others require celibacy of their religious leaders and clergy .

BC: keloid acne scars: Keloid acne scars are a more severe type of raised scar.
AC: keloid acne scars : Keloid acne scars are a more severe type of raised scar .

BC: Two children were seriously injured in the accident.
AC: Two children were seriously injured in the accident .

BC: Security has been tightened as a preventive measure, police said.
AC: Security has been tightened as a preventive measure , police said .

BC: Chandrayaan-2 : ISRO to land a rover on the moon's south pole
AC: Chandrayaan-2 : ISRO to land a rover on the moon 's south pole

BC: My parents are elderly.
AC: My parents are elderly .

BC: Yes, that's true
AC: Yes , that 's true

BC: Sport in Cameroon is dominated by football.
AC: Sport in Cameroon is dominated by football .

BC: It was director Rajamouli who showered praise on her at the pre-release event.
AC: It was director Rajamouli who showered praise on her at the pre-release event .

BC: These photos were viral on social media.
AC: These photos were viral on social media .

BC: I don't have any problem with him
AC: I don 't have any problem with him

BC: Theres a big difference between the two.
AC: Theres a big difference between the two .

BC: Hope sustains life.
AC: Hope sustains life .

BC: The film stars Kamal Haasan and Kajal Aggarwal, with Siddharth, Rakul Preet Singh and Priya Bhavani Shankar.
AC: The film stars Kamal Haasan and Kajal Aggarwal , with Siddharth , Rakul Preet Singh and Priya Bhavani Shankar .

BC: Go to Pakistan and play.
AC: Go to Pakistan and play .

BC: Ramya Krishnan, actress, in Movie
AC: Ramya Krishnan , actress , in Movie

BC: Why is it not being fulfilled?
AC: Why is it not being fulfilled ?

BC: Speak it clearly.
AC: Speak it clearly .

BC: What, though, determines whether a person is wise or foolish?
AC: What , though , determines whether a person is wise or foolish ?

BC: MHA had issued advisories to all States/UTs on 24.03.2020, 04.04.2020 and 11.04.2020, requesting them to ensure adequate protection to healthcare professionals, medical staff and frontline workers by augmenting their safety and security cover
AC: MHA had issued advisories to all States / UTs on 24.03.2020 , 04.04.2020 and 11.04.2020 , requesting them to ensure adequate protection to healthcare professionals , medical staff and frontline workers by augmenting their safety and security cover

BC: They immediately informed the matter to the railway authorities.
AC: They immediately informed the matter to the railway authorities .

BC: Do they confide in you?
AC: Do they confide in you ?

BC: We were invited to serve as special pioneers wherever we wanted.
AC: We were invited to serve as special pioneers wherever we wanted .

BC: But he was not picking the phone.
AC: But he was not picking the phone .

BC: Only US citizens can vote in federal elections.
AC: Only US citizens can vote in federal elections .

BC: More doctors and paramedics being recruited on a temporary basis by various zones Around 5,000 beds in 17 dedicated hospitals and 33 hospital blocks in Railway Hospitals identified for treatment of COVID-19 patients getting ready any contingency 5000 train coaches across Indian Railways to be converted as quarantine/isolation facilities for COVID-19. 3250 coaches already completed Coach Factories, Railway workshops, coaching depots and hospitals have all risen to the occasion locally producing PPEs type overalls, sanitizers and masks etc to supplement the national efforts
AC: More doctors and paramedics being recruited on a temporary basis by various zones Around 5,000 beds in 17 dedicated hospitals and 33 hospital blocks in Railway Hospitals identified for treatment of COVID-19 patients getting ready any contingency 5000 train coaches across Indian Railways to be converted as quarantine / isolation facilities for COVID-19 . 3250 coaches already completed Coach Factories , Railway workshops , coaching depots and hospitals have all risen to the occasion locally producing PPEs type overalls , sanitizers and masks etc to supplement the national efforts

BC: On the other hand, Rajamouli hasn't finalised any other cast officially apart from Jr NTR and Ram Charan.
AC: On the other hand , Rajamouli hasn 't finalised any other cast officially apart from Jr NTR and Ram Charan .

BC: Mumbai: HDFC Bank Ltd , Indias second largest private bank by assets, emerged the No.
AC: Mumbai : HDFC Bank Ltd , Indias second largest private bank by assets , emerged the No .

BC: What is chronic fatigue syndrome?
AC: What is chronic fatigue syndrome ?

BC: Her real name is not the which she has presented itself as is Mary.
AC: Her real name is not the which she has presented itself as is Mary .

BC: What is their status?
AC: What is their status ?

BC: No unlawful transaction will be allowed in the state.
AC: No unlawful transaction will be allowed in the state .

BC: The BJP is way ahead of Congress in this regard.
AC: The BJP is way ahead of Congress in this regard .

BC: In the film, ...
AC: In the film , ...

BC: They were given medicines.
AC: They were given medicines .

BC: The total number of seats in the Legislative Assembly, the number of seats reserved for Scheduled Castes, the division of the National Capital Territory into territorial constituencies (including the basis for 1. Subs.
AC: The total number of seats in the Legislative Assembly , the number of seats reserved for Scheduled Castes , the division of the National Capital Territory into territorial constituencies ( including the basis for 1 . Subs .

BC: We have waited.
AC: We have waited .

BC: Supreme Court unanimously declares Section 497 IPC as unconstitutional.
AC: Supreme Court unanimously declares Section 497 IPC as unconstitutional .

BC: "Former chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy damaged the party to a large extent,"" he added"
AC: " Former chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy damaged the party to a large extent , " " he added "

BC: Who are these women?
AC: Who are these women ?

BC: Committing suicide is cowardice.
AC: Committing suicide is cowardice .

BC: That's roughly 28% of the total car population in Mumbai
AC: That 's roughly 28 % of the total car population in Mumbai

BC: How are you preparing for this?
AC: How are you preparing for this ?

BC: But I cannot do that.
AC: But I cannot do that .

BC: A New York native born to Indian immigrants, Gupta is a graduate of Harvard College and Stanford Law School.
AC: A New York native born to Indian immigrants , Gupta is a graduate of Harvard College and Stanford Law School .

BC: Delete each selected item, without moving to the Trash
AC: Delete each selected item , without moving to the Trash

BC: he asks.
AC: he asks .

BC: This is attributed to the surge in hormonal levels.
AC: This is attributed to the surge in hormonal levels .

BC: However, that will necessitate parliamentary approval.
AC: However , that will necessitate parliamentary approval .

BC: Rajinikanth starrer Darbar has been directed by AR Murugadoss.
AC: Rajinikanth starrer Darbar has been directed by AR Murugadoss .

BC: A 24x7 control room has been set up in the state.
AC: A 24x7 control room has been set up in the state .

BC: Or a special award?
AC: Or a special award ?

BC: """If the US insists on going its own way, the Chinese side will take necessary measures to firmly safeguard the legitimate rights of Chinese compes."""
AC: " " " If the US insists on going its own way , the Chinese side will take necessary measures to firmly safeguard the legitimate rights of Chinese compes . " " "

BC: Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan.
AC: Punjab , Haryana and Rajasthan .

BC: Police said one militant was killed in the encounter.
AC: Police said one militant was killed in the encounter .

BC: The roads were flooded.
AC: The roads were flooded .

BC: Today Im not your host Kiran Naz.
AC: Today Im not your host Kiran Naz .

BC: and very funny.
AC: and very funny .

BC: There are many rumours.
AC: There are many rumours .

BC: Arms and ammunition were recovered from them.
AC: Arms and ammunition were recovered from them .

BC: I've said this from the start.
AC: I 've said this from the start .

BC: Rich tributes were paid to the architect of the Constitution of India, Dr B R Ambedkar.
AC: Rich tributes were paid to the architect of the Constitution of India , Dr B R Ambedkar .

BC: This is the Prime Minister's decision.
AC: This is the Prime Minister 's decision .

BC: Gandhi and his sister Priyanka Vadra participated in a protest outside Delhi Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal's official residence as a part of the Congress party's 'Speak Up For Kisan Adhikar' campaign.
AC: Gandhi and his sister Priyanka Vadra participated in a protest outside Delhi Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal 's official residence as a part of the Congress party 's ' Speak Up For Kisan Adhikar ' campaign .

BC: I dont like that.
AC: I dont like that .

BC: It is about power.
AC: It is about power .

BC: Pakistan police have arrested four men in connection with the case.
AC: Pakistan police have arrested four men in connection with the case .

BC: You have Salman.
AC: You have Salman .

BC: Those above 65 years, people with co-morbidities, pregnant women and children below 10 are advised not to use gyms in closed spaces
AC: Those above 65 years , people with co-morbidities , pregnant women and children below 10 are advised not to use gyms in closed spaces

BC: What a wonderful human.
AC: What a wonderful human .

BC: She will not come back.
AC: She will not come back .

BC: Poet, critic
AC: Poet , critic

BC: Student killed, two hurt in bus-truck collision
AC: Student killed , two hurt in bus-truck collision

BC: I really liked the script of the film.
AC: I really liked the script of the film .

BC: BJPs plan has succeeded.
AC: BJPs plan has succeeded .

BC: The two stayed together for quite some time.
AC: The two stayed together for quite some time .

BC: The man didnt say a word.
AC: The man didnt say a word .

BC: In such a situation, you need to extra cautious.
AC: In such a situation , you need to extra cautious .

BC: Nobody's asking how.
AC: Nobody 's asking how .

BC: He was dead already.
AC: He was dead already .

BC: The film stars Ranveer Singh as Kapil Dev and Deepika will be playing Romi Dev.
AC: The film stars Ranveer Singh as Kapil Dev and Deepika will be playing Romi Dev .

BC: """He knows what he wants."
AC: " " " He knows what he wants . "

BC: Get rid of chronic problems.
AC: Get rid of chronic problems .

BC: What Are Your Answers? How do our times parallel Noahs day? What quality is essential for survival?
AC: What Are Your Answers ? How do our times parallel Noahs day ? What quality is essential for survival ?

BC: To know, you have to watch the film.
AC: To know , you have to watch the film .

BC: The answer is.
AC: The answer is .

BC: The film is being directed by Trivikram Srinivas.
AC: The film is being directed by Trivikram Srinivas .

BC: He wished such incidents did not repeat.
AC: He wished such incidents did not repeat .

BC: But India is expanding.
AC: But India is expanding .

BC: 226 crores.
AC: 226 crores .

BC: Vijay Shivtare, the Minister of State for Water Resources and Water Conservation, was the only representative from the Shiv Sena who attended the meet.
AC: Vijay Shivtare , the Minister of State for Water Resources and Water Conservation , was the only representative from the Shiv Sena who attended the meet .

BC: Next add milk and shake well.
AC: Next add milk and shake well .

BC: Some BJP activists demanded immediate arrests of the persons allegedly involved in the incident.
AC: Some BJP activists demanded immediate arrests of the persons allegedly involved in the incident .

BC: Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan is one of the most active celebrities on social media.
AC: Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan is one of the most active celebrities on social media .

BC: Apply this mixture on the face.
AC: Apply this mixture on the face .

BC: It was mid - December 1949 in a northern suburb of Toronto, Canada.
AC: It was mid - December 1949 in a northern suburb of Toronto , Canada .

BC: There is no mention about these.
AC: There is no mention about these .

BC: Accordingly, the price of petrol stands at Rs.
AC: Accordingly , the price of petrol stands at Rs.

BC: When are the monsoons coming?
AC: When are the monsoons coming ?

BC: What is the project?
AC: What is the project ?

BC: The Programme offered are the following:
AC: The Programme offered are the following :

BC: Rajiv Pratap Rudy (Photo via Twitter)
AC: Rajiv Pratap Rudy ( Photo via Twitter )

BC: Wheres the password?
AC: Wheres the password ?

BC: Money continues to pour in.
AC: Money continues to pour in .

BC: The fresh-water should only be used for drinking purposes.
AC: The fresh-water should only be used for drinking purposes .

BC: 50 lakh in damages.
AC: 50 lakh in damages .

BC: We have met once.
AC: We have met once .

BC: It has been no go so far.
AC: It has been no go so far .

BC: "When they couldn't pay, he forgave them both. Which of them therefore will love him most?"""
AC: " When they couldn 't pay , he forgave them both . Which of them therefore will love him most ? " " "

BC: Its called an achievement.
AC: Its called an achievement .

BC: Indian soldiers.
AC: Indian soldiers .

BC: The reasons for the suicide are not known.
AC: The reasons for the suicide are not known .

BC: Several memes are circulating on social media.
AC: Several memes are circulating on social media .

BC: It was quite popular with users.
AC: It was quite popular with users .

BC: In Mulugu district, two persons contracted the Coronavirus.
AC: In Mulugu district , two persons contracted the Coronavirus .

BC: Would never give Modi a clean chit, says Sharad Pawar
AC: Would never give Modi a clean chit , says Sharad Pawar

BC: This led to enmity between the two families.
AC: This led to enmity between the two families .

BC: Background: The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) is a statutory body established by an Act of Parliament of India, The Chartered Accountants Act, 1949', to regulate the profession of Chartered Accountancy in India.
AC: Background : The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ( ICAI ) is a statutory body established by an Act of Parliament of India , The Chartered Accountants Act , 1949 ' , to regulate the profession of Chartered Accountancy in India .

BC: Bars will remain closed under the provisions of Unlock guidelines of the Ministry of Home Affairs.
AC: Bars will remain closed under the provisions of Unlock guidelines of the Ministry of Home Affairs .

BC: Yesterday in the Supreme Court, a Congress MP Kapil Sibal was arguing for the Babri Masjid.
AC: Yesterday in the Supreme Court , a Congress MP Kapil Sibal was arguing for the Babri Masjid .

BC: Indian cricketer Mahendra Singh Dhoni(HT Photo)
AC: Indian cricketer Mahendra Singh Dhoni ( HT Photo )

BC: BJP has won 51 seats.
AC: BJP has won 51 seats .

BC: Application Fee: Candidates have to pay Rs.
AC: Application Fee : Candidates have to pay Rs.

BC: You should not stop here.
AC: You should not stop here .

BC: Take proper sleep and eat balanced diet.
AC: Take proper sleep and eat balanced diet .

BC: Police were called in and arrested the protestors.
AC: Police were called in and arrested the protestors .

BC: The second reason is weather.
AC: The second reason is weather .

BC: As per this, Rs.
AC: As per this , Rs.

BC: Then he raped the girl.
AC: Then he raped the girl .

BC: So I came.
AC: So I came .

BC: Never seen anything like this.
AC: Never seen anything like this .

BC: He was in tears.
AC: He was in tears .

BC: It starts with America.
AC: It starts with America .

BC: If needed, repeat the process.
AC: If needed , repeat the process .

BC: There has been phenomenal change in the ways of teaching.
AC: There has been phenomenal change in the ways of teaching .

BC: The film was simultaneously shot in Telugu and Tamil.
AC: The film was simultaneously shot in Telugu and Tamil .

BC: It broke his heart.
AC: It broke his heart .

BC: It released recently.
AC: It released recently .

BC: Students learning...
AC: Students learning ...

BC: 90 lakh ex-showroom (Delhi) for the petrol variant
AC: 90 lakh ex-showroom ( Delhi ) for the petrol variant

BC: The second part will be started later.
AC: The second part will be started later .

BC: Do not interfere in matters of others.
AC: Do not interfere in matters of others .

BC: That is fixed.
AC: That is fixed .

BC: There are lot of difficulties in life.
AC: There are lot of difficulties in life .

BC: These are giving more flexibility to the states in utilization of NRDWP funds by reducing the number of components under the programme.
AC: These are giving more flexibility to the states in utilization of NRDWP funds by reducing the number of components under the programme .

BC: He appreciated Chief minister K Chandrasekhar Rao for giving priority to welfare and development in all sectors of the state.
AC: He appreciated Chief minister K Chandrasekhar Rao for giving priority to welfare and development in all sectors of the state .

BC: If there was no intrusion why are 20 soldiers dead?
AC: If there was no intrusion why are 20 soldiers dead ?

BC: Im not insecure as an actor.
AC: Im not insecure as an actor .

BC: Capped batsmen:
AC: Capped batsmen :

BC: Businessmen will benefit.
AC: Businessmen will benefit .

BC: Have you..?
AC: Have you .. ?

BC: Kumaraswamy is the son of former prime minister Deve Gowda.
AC: Kumaraswamy is the son of former prime minister Deve Gowda .

BC: Their lives are miserable.
AC: Their lives are miserable .

BC: Bathing in either warm or cool water is fine.
AC: Bathing in either warm or cool water is fine .

BC: Millions may be left destitute or may be forced to become refugees.
AC: Millions may be left destitute or may be forced to become refugees .

BC: 3 lakh crore.
AC: 3 lakh crore .

BC: It was his first film.
AC: It was his first film .

BC: The SP and BSP have also decided not to field their candidates against Congress president Rahul Gandhi and former party president Sonia Gandhi in Amethi and Raebareli LS constituencies.
AC: The SP and BSP have also decided not to field their candidates against Congress president Rahul Gandhi and former party president Sonia Gandhi in Amethi and Raebareli LS constituencies .

BC: What is a social enterprise?
AC: What is a social enterprise ?

BC: There are, of course, positive things about this policy.
AC: There are , of course , positive things about this policy .

BC: Truck drivers and helpers, traders, retailers, transporters farmers, manufacturers or any other stakeholder who is facing problems in inter-state movement of agricultural, horticultural or any other perishable commodities besides seeds and fertilizers may seek help by calling at the Call Centre
AC: Truck drivers and helpers , traders , retailers , transporters farmers , manufacturers or any other stakeholder who is facing problems in inter-state movement of agricultural , horticultural or any other perishable commodities besides seeds and fertilizers may seek help by calling at the Call Centre

BC: Over 10 million migrant labourers have left their workplaces.
AC: Over 10 million migrant labourers have left their workplaces .

BC: Sharad Pawar's nephew Ajit Pawar is expected to get Deputy Chief Minister's post.
AC: Sharad Pawar 's nephew Ajit Pawar is expected to get Deputy Chief Minister 's post .

BC: The bus was completely burnt.
AC: The bus was completely burnt .

BC: China is planning rail link from Tibet to Gawadar seaport of Pakistan via Karakorum Highway across Gilgit-Baltistan.
AC: China is planning rail link from Tibet to Gawadar seaport of Pakistan via Karakorum Highway across Gilgit-Baltistan .

BC: Niloufer hospital in Hyderabad.
AC: Niloufer hospital in Hyderabad .

BC: Police suspect land disputes to be the motive behind the murder.
AC: Police suspect land disputes to be the motive behind the murder .

BC: Ravi Teja has announced his next film.
AC: Ravi Teja has announced his next film .

BC: But the movie failed miserably.
AC: But the movie failed miserably .

BC: 25 crore.
AC: 25 crore .

BC: There is no drinking water either.
AC: There is no drinking water either .

BC: Spend time with family members happily.
AC: Spend time with family members happily .

BC: This study will help us to know how fast it evolves and what are the future aspects of it said Dr Rakesh Mishra, Director, CCMB while speaking withSenior ScientistJyoti Sharma fromIndia Science Wire, DST.
AC: This study will help us to know how fast it evolves and what are the future aspects of it said Dr Rakesh Mishra , Director , CCMB while speaking withSenior ScientistJyoti Sharma fromIndia Science Wire , DST .

BC: What is Modi talking about?
AC: What is Modi talking about ?

BC: What does this show?
AC: What does this show ?

BC: He comes from Mumbai.
AC: He comes from Mumbai .

BC: We are not!
AC: We are not !

BC: Qualification: MCA/BE (Computer Science / IT) / B.Tech (Computer Science / IT)
AC: Qualification : MCA / BE ( Computer Science / IT ) / B.Tech ( Computer Science / IT )

BC: Gayle had said that he would be retiring from international cricket after the World Cup.
AC: Gayle had said that he would be retiring from international cricket after the World Cup .

BC: There is no question of leaving it.
AC: There is no question of leaving it .

BC: Police launched probe based on a complaint lodged by the victims.
AC: Police launched probe based on a complaint lodged by the victims .

BC: Along with them, Rafi's mother - in - law Aamir Zan, the owner of the vehicle, driver Nazir and car mechanic Shafi, along with three others were killed.
AC: Along with them , Rafi 's mother - in - law Aamir Zan , the owner of the vehicle , driver Nazir and car mechanic Shafi , along with three others were killed .

BC: Hyderabad: Tennis star Sania Mirza's sister Anam Mirza is set to tie the knot with former Indian cricket captain Mohammad Azharuddin's son Mohammad Asaduddin.
AC: Hyderabad : Tennis star Sania Mirza 's sister Anam Mirza is set to tie the knot with former Indian cricket captain Mohammad Azharuddin 's son Mohammad Asaduddin .

BC: Based on the complaint of the locals, the police registered a case.
AC: Based on the complaint of the locals , the police registered a case .

BC: Khammam Municipal Corporation Commissioner Anurag Jayanthi, Additional Collector N Madhusudhan, District Forest Officer Praveena, DRDO PD B Indumathi, ACP Prasanna Kumar and other officials were present.
AC: Khammam Municipal Corporation Commissioner Anurag Jayanthi , Additional Collector N Madhusudhan , District Forest Officer Praveena , DRDO PD B Indumathi , ACP Prasanna Kumar and other officials were present .

BC: David Warner shares another hilarious video.
AC: David Warner shares another hilarious video .

BC: Pakistan's Prime Minister Imran Khan will be meeting President Donald Trump during the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA).
AC: Pakistan 's Prime Minister Imran Khan will be meeting President Donald Trump during the United Nations General Assembly ( UNGA ) .

BC: On this occasion, saplings were planted.
AC: On this occasion , saplings were planted .

BC: Will CA exams be postponed?
AC: Will CA exams be postponed ?

BC: "Why should Modi react if some dog dies in Karnataka?"""
AC: " Why should Modi react if some dog dies in Karnataka ? " " "

BC: Vishnu Manchu is producing the film under his home banner 24 Frames Factory.
AC: Vishnu Manchu is producing the film under his home banner 24 Frames Factory .

BC: Dont make excuses.
AC: Dont make excuses .

BC: Its filled with water.
AC: Its filled with water .

BC: The situation on the ground is worse.
AC: The situation on the ground is worse .

BC: If you are looking for a sporty scooter with Rs 5,000 more to spare, the SR150 is the one to go for
AC: If you are looking for a sporty scooter with Rs 5,000 more to spare , the SR150 is the one to go for

BC: Tax issues of sea farers have been resolved.
AC: Tax issues of sea farers have been resolved .

BC: The phone has an 8GB RAM and 128 GB ROM.
AC: The phone has an 8GB RAM and 128 GB ROM .

BC: Right at city centre.
AC: Right at city centre .

BC: "It happened, as they were parting from him, that Peter said to Jesus, ""Master, it is good for us to be here. Let's make three tents: one for you, and one for Moses, and one for Elijah,"" not knowing what he said."
AC: " It happened , as they were parting from him , that Peter said to Jesus , " " Master , it is good for us to be here . Let 's make three tents : one for you , and one for Moses , and one for Elijah , " " not knowing what he said . "

BC: The complaint has named US President Donald Trump and Prime Minister Narendra Modi as witnesses.
AC: The complaint has named US President Donald Trump and Prime Minister Narendra Modi as witnesses .

BC: love yourself.
AC: love yourself .

BC: I like acting.
AC: I like acting .

BC: I was distressed.
AC: I was distressed .

BC: He alleged that PDP had merged with BJP.
AC: He alleged that PDP had merged with BJP .

BC: He has taken a lot of responsibility.
AC: He has taken a lot of responsibility .

BC: This causes great inconvenience.
AC: This causes great inconvenience .

BC: The Gurugram Police has registered a case.
AC: The Gurugram Police has registered a case .

BC: Police registered a kidnap case and started the investigation.
AC: Police registered a kidnap case and started the investigation .

BC: Previously, the record belonged to Sachin Tendulkar with 17 dismissals.
AC: Previously , the record belonged to Sachin Tendulkar with 17 dismissals .

BC: That touched her.
AC: That touched her .

BC: Bollywood movie 'Machine' stars Mustafa and Kiara Advani appear with director duo Abbas-Mustan on The Kapil Sharma Show and have a blast.
AC: Bollywood movie ' Machine ' stars Mustafa and Kiara Advani appear with director duo Abbas-Mustan on The Kapil Sharma Show and have a blast .

BC: If this is the case, dont worry.
AC: If this is the case , dont worry .

BC: """It hurts every day."
AC: " " " It hurts every day . "

BC: It is available in various colours.
AC: It is available in various colours .

BC: Sheldon Cottrell, Keemo Paul, and Alzarri Joseph starred with the ball for Caribbeans with two wickets each.
AC: Sheldon Cottrell , Keemo Paul , and Alzarri Joseph starred with the ball for Caribbeans with two wickets each .

BC: These committees will give their recommendations to the Group of Ministers.
AC: These committees will give their recommendations to the Group of Ministers .

BC: We are against all types of terrorism.
AC: We are against all types of terrorism .

BC: The village is very famous for the Bannari Amman Temple, which is dedicated to a Hindu Goddess
AC: The village is very famous for the Bannari Amman Temple , which is dedicated to a Hindu Goddess

BC: Parties are not uniform.
AC: Parties are not uniform .

BC: War time politics would greatly halt organized labor in the coming years.
AC: War time politics would greatly halt organized labor in the coming years .

BC: The driver of the vehicle was injured in the mishap.
AC: The driver of the vehicle was injured in the mishap .

BC: of up to Rs 1.5 lakh.
AC: of up to Rs 1.5 lakh .

BC: Tollywood actress and director Vijaya Nirmala passed away at the age of 73.
AC: Tollywood actress and director Vijaya Nirmala passed away at the age of 73 .

BC: But, at the same time, the interest of farmers should be protected.
AC: But , at the same time , the interest of farmers should be protected .

BC: The look on his face is vile and malicious.
AC: The look on his face is vile and malicious .

BC: The same approach is feasible at the national level as well.
AC: The same approach is feasible at the national level as well .

BC: The malady is not difficult to diagnose.
AC: The malady is not difficult to diagnose .

BC: How good is that?
AC: How good is that ?

BC: More is likely to happen in days ahead.
AC: More is likely to happen in days ahead .

BC: Through Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana (PMJAY), within 150 days almost 11 lakh poor people have benefitted, he added.
AC: Through Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana ( PMJAY ) , within 150 days almost 11 lakh poor people have benefitted , he added .

BC: Is he hurt?
AC: Is he hurt ?

BC: World Leader Pretend.
AC: World Leader Pretend .

BC: He said Congress leaders were trying to mislead the people.
AC: He said Congress leaders were trying to mislead the people .

BC: Use brown bread instead of white bread.
AC: Use brown bread instead of white bread .

BC: The farmers, poor people and labourers are in a very bad state.
AC: The farmers , poor people and labourers are in a very bad state .

BC: He was speaking to 131 missions from different geographies last evening through Video conferencing, along with the External Affairs Minister Shri S. Jaishankar.ShriGoyal said that all should work to convert this COVID-19 situation into an opportunity by coming up with new reforms to improve our industries.
AC: He was speaking to 131 missions from different geographies last evening through Video conferencing , along with the External Affairs Minister Shri S. Jaishankar.ShriGoyal said that all should work to convert this COVID-19 situation into an opportunity by coming up with new reforms to improve our industries .

BC: 10 crores.
AC: 10 crores .

BC: 10, 11. (a) Why did Jephthahs daughter need to be encouraged?
AC: 10 , 11 . ( a ) Why did Jephthahs daughter need to be encouraged ?

BC: doctor said.
AC: doctor said .

BC: Others do the same.
AC: Others do the same .

BC: The police reached the spot of the incident and a case was registered in this regard.
AC: The police reached the spot of the incident and a case was registered in this regard .

BC: What sin have we committed?
AC: What sin have we committed ?

BC: Ultimately, he courageously submitted to a brutal death to accomplish his Fathers will and give his subjects everlasting life.
AC: Ultimately , he courageously submitted to a brutal death to accomplish his Fathers will and give his subjects everlasting life .

BC: Military and security forces were in disarray.
AC: Military and security forces were in disarray .

BC: """In 2014, Narendra Modi made tall promises of providing two crore jobs, fair prices to farmers and depositing Rs."
AC: " " " In 2014 , Narendra Modi made tall promises of providing two crore jobs , fair prices to farmers and depositing Rs. "

BC: The film is directed by Parasuram and produced by Allu Aravind.
AC: The film is directed by Parasuram and produced by Allu Aravind .

BC: The US auto giant Ford's India subsidiary is likely to build its second manufacturing unit right next to Tata Motors' Nano factory at Sanand.
AC: The US auto giant Ford 's India subsidiary is likely to build its second manufacturing unit right next to Tata Motors ' Nano factory at Sanand .

BC: The exact cause of the disease is still unknown.
AC: The exact cause of the disease is still unknown .

BC: This is something we normally don't do.
AC: This is something we normally don 't do .

BC: The child in her womb also died.
AC: The child in her womb also died .

BC: University of Wisconsin, Madison, USA
AC: University of Wisconsin , Madison , USA

BC: Imran Tahir to bowl the first over.
AC: Imran Tahir to bowl the first over .

BC: Geologic units from the same time but different parts of the world often are not similar and contain different fossils, so the same time-span was historically given different names in different locales.
AC: Geologic units from the same time but different parts of the world often are not similar and contain different fossils , so the same time-span was historically given different names in different locales .

BC: Jesus love perfectly reflected the love his Father shows.
AC: Jesus love perfectly reflected the love his Father shows .

BC: The puppets have been made up of wood, wire, cloth and leather.
AC: The puppets have been made up of wood , wire , cloth and leather .

BC: Not working either.
AC: Not working either .

BC: Cornelius experience should be of great encouragement to people of all nations who are seeking Gods favor today.
AC: Cornelius experience should be of great encouragement to people of all nations who are seeking Gods favor today .

BC: The bill states that Notwithstanding anything contained in section 309 of the Indian Penal Code, any person who attempts to commit suicide shall be presumed, unless proved otherwise, to have severe stress, and shall not be tried and punished under the said Code.
AC: The bill states that Notwithstanding anything contained in section 309 of the Indian Penal Code , any person who attempts to commit suicide shall be presumed , unless proved otherwise , to have severe stress , and shall not be tried and punished under the said Code .

BC: 250 crores.
AC: 250 crores .

BC: It alienates others.
AC: It alienates others .

BC: He and his Father will preserve them through the upcoming war of the great day of God the Almighty often called Armageddon so that they can live forever as earthly subjects of Gods heavenly Kingdom. Revelation 7: 9, 14. 16: 14, 16. 21: 3, 4.
AC: He and his Father will preserve them through the upcoming war of the great day of God the Almighty often called Armageddon so that they can live forever as earthly subjects of Gods heavenly Kingdom . Revelation 7 : 9 , 14 . 16 : 14 , 16 . 21 : 3 , 4 .

BC: The meaning is clear.
AC: The meaning is clear .

BC: 16 GB, 32 GB internal storage variants
AC: 16 GB , 32 GB internal storage variants

BC: "The reforms undertaken in India, he said, ""will be very positive for the country."""
AC: " The reforms undertaken in India , he said , " " will be very positive for the country . " " "

BC: Digital India?
AC: Digital India ?

BC: But there's a new look coming in.
AC: But there 's a new look coming in .

BC: Many got serious injuries.
AC: Many got serious injuries .

BC: What is it about?
AC: What is it about ?

BC: But the doctors declared her dead.
AC: But the doctors declared her dead .

BC: The project seemed very interesting and promising.
AC: The project seemed very interesting and promising .

BC: Music was composed by Chirantan Bhatt.
AC: Music was composed by Chirantan Bhatt .

BC: It has been shown in films also.
AC: It has been shown in films also .

BC: Subsequently, police arrested him.
AC: Subsequently , police arrested him .

BC: 73 lakh from them.
AC: 73 lakh from them .

BC: Anganwadi (File photo)
AC: Anganwadi ( File photo )

BC: She knew her strengths and weaknesses well.
AC: She knew her strengths and weaknesses well .

BC: 4435 crore.
AC: 4435 crore .

BC: Director of Telangana State Police Academy, V.K.
AC: Director of Telangana State Police Academy , V.K.

BC: Or so it appears.
AC: Or so it appears .

BC: This is also the fifth highest fifth-wicket partnership in the history of Test cricket.
AC: This is also the fifth highest fifth-wicket partnership in the history of Test cricket .

BC: They are most commonly green or brown.
AC: They are most commonly green or brown .

BC: Transfers or purchases of securities can then be initiated.
AC: Transfers or purchases of securities can then be initiated .

BC: What makes it such an intriguing story?
AC: What makes it such an intriguing story ?

BC: Heavy downpour has crippled normal life in Mumbai as incessant rains continue to lash the city.
AC: Heavy downpour has crippled normal life in Mumbai as incessant rains continue to lash the city .

BC: The incident took place in Gangalakunta of Veldurthi mandal of Guntur district.
AC: The incident took place in Gangalakunta of Veldurthi mandal of Guntur district .

BC: The lights are bright.
AC: The lights are bright .

BC: Controversial director Ram Gopal Varma directed it.
AC: Controversial director Ram Gopal Varma directed it .

BC: Theres no problem about that.
AC: Theres no problem about that .

BC: She has interviewed high-profile newsmakers from the Dalai Lama to astronaut Buzz Aldrin, Joel Osteen, Carly Simon, Donald Trump, Whoopi Goldberg, Sarah Palin, along with a host of senators and congressional leaders from D.C.
AC: She has interviewed high-profile newsmakers from the Dalai Lama to astronaut Buzz Aldrin , Joel Osteen , Carly Simon , Donald Trump , Whoopi Goldberg , Sarah Palin , along with a host of senators and congressional leaders from D.C.

BC: Dont want to pay tax?
AC: Dont want to pay tax ?

BC: For farmers, Rs.
AC: For farmers , Rs.

BC: His pictures have been included in many national and international collections.
AC: His pictures have been included in many national and international collections .

BC: Lets see what happens next!
AC: Lets see what happens next !

BC: The internet and mobile...
AC: The internet and mobile ...

BC: There's one thing though.
AC: There 's one thing though .

BC: No one in my family had ever been in politics.
AC: No one in my family had ever been in politics .

BC: Earlier during the day, YS Jagan received a rousing welcome from the party leaders when he arrived at Gannavaram airport from Hyderabad.
AC: Earlier during the day , YS Jagan received a rousing welcome from the party leaders when he arrived at Gannavaram airport from Hyderabad .

BC: Its my life.
AC: Its my life .

BC: You can serve with steamed rice.
AC: You can serve with steamed rice .

BC: He also claimed that KCR made rich Telangana a debt-ridden state.
AC: He also claimed that KCR made rich Telangana a debt-ridden state .

BC: Local Congress leaders participated in large numbers in the programme.
AC: Local Congress leaders participated in large numbers in the programme .

BC: Why late then?
AC: Why late then ?

BC: At first glance this seems obvious.
AC: At first glance this seems obvious .

BC: The moment was captured on camera and went viral on social media.
AC: The moment was captured on camera and went viral on social media .

BC: There are three categories of them.
AC: There are three categories of them .

BC: According to the list, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg ranks fourth.
AC: According to the list , Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg ranks fourth .

BC: Sometimes, its hard to tell them apart.
AC: Sometimes , its hard to tell them apart .

BC: I lived with him during a very important period of my life.
AC: I lived with him during a very important period of my life .

BC: The young woman died on the spot.
AC: The young woman died on the spot .

BC: Many of his mechanical plans and card-handling methods may forever remain a secret.
AC: Many of his mechanical plans and card-handling methods may forever remain a secret .

BC: The show is being hosted by Bollywood star Salman Khan.
AC: The show is being hosted by Bollywood star Salman Khan .

BC: He has scored 99 runs.
AC: He has scored 99 runs .

BC: The admission for the programmes is done through entrance examination and interviews.
AC: The admission for the programmes is done through entrance examination and interviews .

BC: Scientists are still conducting research to find out the answers to this.
AC: Scientists are still conducting research to find out the answers to this .

BC: We want CBI inquiry.
AC: We want CBI inquiry .

BC: No one is considering the problems of the people.
AC: No one is considering the problems of the people .

BC: Lets get it!
AC: Lets get it !

BC: This was their second film together.
AC: This was their second film together .

BC: Who needs proof?
AC: Who needs proof ?

BC: With that the conversation ended.
AC: With that the conversation ended .

BC: """Look who's officially coming back!!!"
AC: " " " Look who 's officially coming back ! ! ! "

BC: "Yahweh said to him, ""What is that in your hand?"" He said, ""A rod."""
AC: " Yahweh said to him , " " What is that in your hand ? " " He said , " " A rod . " " "

BC: The first terrorist in independent India is a Hindu.
AC: The first terrorist in independent India is a Hindu .

BC: The driver of MMTS is stuck inside the cabin.
AC: The driver of MMTS is stuck inside the cabin .

BC: This also does not help patients.
AC: This also does not help patients .

BC: Hyderabad: The Congress lashed out at Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao for saying that the government would dismiss RTC employees if they went on strike.
AC: Hyderabad : The Congress lashed out at Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao for saying that the government would dismiss RTC employees if they went on strike .

BC: How can we maintain a peaceful attitude when we encounter an unfavorable reaction in our preaching work? How can we maintain our peace when the reaction we encounter is unfavorable?
AC: How can we maintain a peaceful attitude when we encounter an unfavorable reaction in our preaching work ? How can we maintain our peace when the reaction we encounter is unfavorable ?

BC: She died on the spot with serious head and neck injuries.
AC: She died on the spot with serious head and neck injuries .

BC: He said the situation was being monitored closely and necessary advisories would be issued from time to time.
AC: He said the situation was being monitored closely and necessary advisories would be issued from time to time .

BC: Regarding this,...
AC: Regarding this , ...

BC: On the other hand, Reliance Jio users can avail Rs.
AC: On the other hand , Reliance Jio users can avail Rs.

BC: There have been rumours that the film is an adaptation of the Tamil film Maari.
AC: There have been rumours that the film is an adaptation of the Tamil film Maari .

BC: It was time for the Lok Sabha elections.
AC: It was time for the Lok Sabha elections .

BC: Beautiful song.
AC: Beautiful song .

BC: Important of them are:
AC: Important of them are :

BC: what can they do?
AC: what can they do ?

BC: Why do people binge?
AC: Why do people binge ?

BC: India, along with
AC: India , along with

BC: It is good to have an investment adviser guide you.
AC: It is good to have an investment adviser guide you .

BC: Cinematography, too, is good.
AC: Cinematography , too , is good .

BC: The police had registered an FIR in this regard.
AC: The police had registered an FIR in this regard .

BC: Sunil was a retired employee of a private firm.
AC: Sunil was a retired employee of a private firm .

BC: I cannot even go there.
AC: I cannot even go there .

BC: Convenience is key.
AC: Convenience is key .

BC: This led to a scuffle between police and students.
AC: This led to a scuffle between police and students .

BC: More details about the film will be revealed soon.
AC: More details about the film will be revealed soon .

BC: Many fans have been rooting for him on social media.
AC: Many fans have been rooting for him on social media .

BC: The state government's Chief Advisor Rajiv Sharma, Chief Secretary Somesh Kumar, Principal Secretary (Finance) Ramakrishna Rao, Principal Secretary to Chief Minister S Narsing Rao, Secretary Smita Sabharwal, Special Secretary Bhoopal Reddy and others participated in the meeting.
AC: The state government 's Chief Advisor Rajiv Sharma , Chief Secretary Somesh Kumar , Principal Secretary ( Finance ) Ramakrishna Rao , Principal Secretary to Chief Minister S Narsing Rao , Secretary Smita Sabharwal , Special Secretary Bhoopal Reddy and others participated in the meeting .

BC: Later, the youths fled from there.
AC: Later , the youths fled from there .

BC: The house is chaotic.
AC: The house is chaotic .

BC: Demand is also high.
AC: Demand is also high .

BC: Sushil overpowered Mizoram's Lalmalsawma by technical fall in 48 seconds in the first round and then pinned down Mukul Mishra in just a minute and 45 seconds in his next bout
AC: Sushil overpowered Mizoram 's Lalmalsawma by technical fall in 48 seconds in the first round and then pinned down Mukul Mishra in just a minute and 45 seconds in his next bout

BC: Vijayashanti is making her comeback into movies with Superstar Mahesh Babu 's 'Sarileru Neekevvaru'.
AC: Vijayashanti is making her comeback into movies with Superstar Mahesh Babu ' s ' Sarileru Neekevvaru ' .

BC: More details about the film will be revealed soon.
AC: More details about the film will be revealed soon .

BC: Dont believe them.
AC: Dont believe them .

BC: India is worlds third-largest producer of apples.
AC: India is worlds third-largest producer of apples .

BC: I am not married yet.
AC: I am not married yet .

BC: Your problems with spouse will get resolved.
AC: Your problems with spouse will get resolved .

BC: Dont be afraid of anything.
AC: Dont be afraid of anything .

BC: It's battery lasts long.
AC: It 's battery lasts long .

BC: 9 lakh crore.
AC: 9 lakh crore .

BC: What are these reservations?
AC: What are these reservations ?

BC: However, that Bill was not passed in Parliament.
AC: However , that Bill was not passed in Parliament .

BC: Hence, as Jesus cared for his congregation, so husbands lovingly care for their families in a spiritual and physical way, even if that takes personal sacrifice.
AC: Hence , as Jesus cared for his congregation , so husbands lovingly care for their families in a spiritual and physical way , even if that takes personal sacrifice .

BC: I hope that the film becomes a huge hit.
AC: I hope that the film becomes a huge hit .

BC: India vs England: Indian squad
AC: India vs England : Indian squad

BC: Its all in your hands.
AC: Its all in your hands .

BC: Kajal will be playing the female lead in the movie.
AC: Kajal will be playing the female lead in the movie .

BC: A team of Bihar Police is in Mumbai to probe the case.
AC: A team of Bihar Police is in Mumbai to probe the case .

BC: Protesting against the government, farmers shouted slogans.
AC: Protesting against the government , farmers shouted slogans .

BC: But their numbers seem to be on the increase.
AC: But their numbers seem to be on the increase .

BC: His remarks had drawn criticism.
AC: His remarks had drawn criticism .

BC: Good News For Indian Students In The US!
AC: Good News For Indian Students In The US !

BC: Manju Verma resigned from her position after her husband was accused of having links with Brajesh Thakur.
AC: Manju Verma resigned from her position after her husband was accused of having links with Brajesh Thakur .

BC: Visiting chairman of Suzuki Motor Corp, Maruti Suzuki's Japanese parent, Osamu Suzuki, was also present at the meeting.
AC: Visiting chairman of Suzuki Motor Corp , Maruti Suzuki 's Japanese parent , Osamu Suzuki , was also present at the meeting .

BC: However, sources have confirmed the news is incorrect.
AC: However , sources have confirmed the news is incorrect .

BC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi was present to welcome him.
AC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi was present to welcome him .

BC: General Measures for enhancing immunity: Drink warm water throughout the day.
AC: General Measures for enhancing immunity : Drink warm water throughout the day .

BC: The details...
AC: The details ...

BC: Heat oil in a pan.
AC: Heat oil in a pan .

BC: He accepts that his daughter and his commanding officer should now reunite.
AC: He accepts that his daughter and his commanding officer should now reunite .

BC: Voting for 243 assembly seats in Bihar will be held on October 28, November 3 and November 7
AC: Voting for 243 assembly seats in Bihar will be held on October 28 , November 3 and November 7

BC: He also said no one has been arrested yet.
AC: He also said no one has been arrested yet .

BC: He said all arrangements had been made for the polling.
AC: He said all arrangements had been made for the polling .

BC: This time, 20 students have got 100 percentile.
AC: This time , 20 students have got 100 percentile .

BC: He wasnt lying.
AC: He wasnt lying .

BC: "Superstar Pawan Kalyan is set to play the lead in the Telugu remake of critically-acclaimed Hindi film ""Pink""."
AC: " Superstar Pawan Kalyan is set to play the lead in the Telugu remake of critically-acclaimed Hindi film " " Pink " . " "

BC: Young Hero Raj Tharun and Malavika Nair will be seen as a lead pair while Vani Viswanath, Naresh, Posani Krishna Murali, Sapthagiri, Raja Raveendra, Ajay Ghosh, Annapurna, Siri, Jayalakshmi, Soniya Chowdary, Sathya, Madhunandan plays other important roles.
AC: Young Hero Raj Tharun and Malavika Nair will be seen as a lead pair while Vani Viswanath , Naresh , Posani Krishna Murali , Sapthagiri , Raja Raveendra , Ajay Ghosh , Annapurna , Siri , Jayalakshmi , Soniya Chowdary , Sathya , Madhunandan plays other important roles .

BC: Microsoft Corporation,worlds Biggest Company
AC: Microsoft Corporation , worlds Biggest Company

BC: Work for the things you believe in.
AC: Work for the things you believe in .

BC: 15 crores.
AC: 15 crores .

BC: In the very short run, you can sometimes fool yourself into thinking that there's fundamentally opposing goals, but in the long run, ultimately, we're learning in field after field that this is simply not true.
AC: In the very short run , you can sometimes fool yourself into thinking that there 's fundamentally opposing goals , but in the long run , ultimately , we 're learning in field after field that this is simply not true .

BC: The Bengaluru Police has booked former Karnataka chief ministers Siddaramaiah and Kumaraswamy on charges of sedition and defamation over their protest against I-T raids.
AC: The Bengaluru Police has booked former Karnataka chief ministers Siddaramaiah and Kumaraswamy on charges of sedition and defamation over their protest against I-T raids .

BC: He who dashes in pieces has come up against you. Keep the fortress! Watch the way! Strengthen your waist! Fortify your power mightily!
AC: He who dashes in pieces has come up against you . Keep the fortress ! Watch the way ! Strengthen your waist ! Fortify your power mightily !

BC: For his 521 runs, with three centuries in four Tests, Cheteshwar Pujara is Player of the Series!
AC: For his 521 runs , with three centuries in four Tests , Cheteshwar Pujara is Player of the Series !

BC: Whereas, a litre of petrol costs Rs.
AC: Whereas , a litre of petrol costs Rs.

BC: This is what you are saying.
AC: This is what you are saying .

BC: The Congress won that election.
AC: The Congress won that election .

BC: Patna district is one of the thirty-eight districts of Bihar state in eastern India.
AC: Patna district is one of the thirty-eight districts of Bihar state in eastern India .

BC: It is not for me.
AC: It is not for me .

BC: Heavy rain likely in Punjab, Himachal
AC: Heavy rain likely in Punjab , Himachal

BC: Mix all the ingredients together except flour and oil.
AC: Mix all the ingredients together except flour and oil .

BC: A new building is under construction.
AC: A new building is under construction .

BC: Tata Motors launched the BS 6 version of both Tiago and Tigor recently in Mumbai.
AC: Tata Motors launched the BS 6 version of both Tiago and Tigor recently in Mumbai .

BC: Also read:ED sends fresh notice to TMC leaders in Narada probe
AC: Also read : ED sends fresh notice to TMC leaders in Narada probe

BC: """Its an old tree."
AC: " " " Its an old tree . "

BC: The film will be presented by Bollywood actor Akshay Kumar.
AC: The film will be presented by Bollywood actor Akshay Kumar .

BC: A bench of Justices Justice Dipak Misra, Amitava Roy and AM Khanwilkar said it would look into the matter after petitioner advocate ML Sharma sought an urgent hearing of his plea.
AC: A bench of Justices Justice Dipak Misra , Amitava Roy and AM Khanwilkar said it would look into the matter after petitioner advocate ML Sharma sought an urgent hearing of his plea .

BC: About 70 Roman bronze cauldrons, often used as burial urns, have been found.
AC: About 70 Roman bronze cauldrons , often used as burial urns , have been found .

BC: Debt has to be repaid.
AC: Debt has to be repaid .

BC: Modi's Japan visit: What are the issues?
AC: Modi 's Japan visit : What are the issues ?

BC: Everyone was surprised of this.
AC: Everyone was surprised of this .

BC: Thereafter, the accused fled from the spot.
AC: Thereafter , the accused fled from the spot .

BC: Case Crime No.204/2009
AC: Case Crime No.204 / 2009

BC: Manuscripts and fragments that have survived from this monastery's collection include the following source texts: A Sanskrit manuscript of the Bhaiajyaguruvairyaprabhrja Stra was among the textual finds at Gilgit, Pakistan, attesting to the popularity of the Medicine Buddha in Gandhra.
AC: Manuscripts and fragments that have survived from this monastery 's collection include the following source texts : A Sanskrit manuscript of the Bhaiajyaguruvairyaprabhrja Stra was among the textual finds at Gilgit , Pakistan , attesting to the popularity of the Medicine Buddha in Gandhra .

BC: Railway authorities are probing the cause of the fire.
AC: Railway authorities are probing the cause of the fire .

BC: This is also a health concern for the public.
AC: This is also a health concern for the public .

BC: This will save you a lot of money.
AC: This will save you a lot of money .

BC: Among them are Leader of Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad and the deputy leader of the party in the Upper House, Anand Sharma.
AC: Among them are Leader of Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad and the deputy leader of the party in the Upper House , Anand Sharma .

BC: God gave you everything.
AC: God gave you everything .

BC: The tiny vehicle is one of the company's best selling models, and is now being exported to international markets
AC: The tiny vehicle is one of the company 's best selling models , and is now being exported to international markets

BC: There isnt time.
AC: There isnt time .

BC: The Modi government is anti-farmer.
AC: The Modi government is anti-farmer .

BC: I enjoyed playing her.
AC: I enjoyed playing her .

BC: West Bengal: A man who was masturbating was live streamed on Facebook by a woman inside a train at a railway station in West Bengal.
AC: West Bengal : A man who was masturbating was live streamed on Facebook by a woman inside a train at a railway station in West Bengal .

BC: But he did not come out.
AC: But he did not come out .

BC: And Israel served the LORD all the days of Joshua, and all the days of the elders that overlived Joshua, and which had known all the works of the LORD, that he had done for Israel.
AC: And Israel served the LORD all the days of Joshua , and all the days of the elders that overlived Joshua , and which had known all the works of the LORD , that he had done for Israel .

BC: The others were all killed.
AC: The others were all killed .

BC: Dont laugh!
AC: Dont laugh !

BC: We will not allow this in Bengal.
AC: We will not allow this in Bengal .

BC: He also said that the state government will come out with a white paper on the financial condition of the state.
AC: He also said that the state government will come out with a white paper on the financial condition of the state .

BC: But its big enough.
AC: But its big enough .

BC: "Jahan had posted a message on social media that read, ""Congratulating all the Hindus for the Bhoomi Puja of Ram Mandir in Ayodha""."
AC: " Jahan had posted a message on social media that read , " " Congratulating all the Hindus for the Bhoomi Puja of Ram Mandir in Ayodha " . " "

BC: The active incremental GC cycle was forced to finish immediately.
AC: The active incremental GC cycle was forced to finish immediately .

BC: He was immediately taken to a hospital for checkup.
AC: He was immediately taken to a hospital for checkup .

BC: Mumbai: Bollywood actor Sushant Singh Rajput committed suicide at his home in Mumbai.
AC: Mumbai : Bollywood actor Sushant Singh Rajput committed suicide at his home in Mumbai .

BC: Once a patient with suspected symptoms is admitted to hospital, the information should be immediately passed on to the district health authorities.
AC: Once a patient with suspected symptoms is admitted to hospital , the information should be immediately passed on to the district health authorities .

BC: Superstar Mahesh Babu is an actor par excellence.
AC: Superstar Mahesh Babu is an actor par excellence .

BC: The desired result will not be achieved.
AC: The desired result will not be achieved .

BC: Then he arrived in India.
AC: Then he arrived in India .

BC: But haven't you done that?
AC: But haven 't you done that ?

BC: I didnt have any choice this election.
AC: I didnt have any choice this election .

BC: What we are doing..
AC: What we are doing ..

BC: Do I have to break them?
AC: Do I have to break them ?

BC: All married.
AC: All married .

BC: But think of your joy at that future time when Jehovah blesses your efforts to instruct people from bygone eras and they respond with appreciative hearts!
AC: But think of your joy at that future time when Jehovah blesses your efforts to instruct people from bygone eras and they respond with appreciative hearts !

BC: Ravi Bhagchandka, films producer, was also a part of this conversation.
AC: Ravi Bhagchandka , films producer , was also a part of this conversation .

BC: We are confident about our film.
AC: We are confident about our film .

BC: What should you buy?
AC: What should you buy ?

BC: Other contributors are Bharat Electronics Limited (BEL), Bharat Dynamics Limited (BDL), Astra Microwave Products Limited (AMPL), Sri Venkateswara Engineers, Brahmos Private Limited, Bharat Forge and the DRDO employees voluntarily contributing one day salary
AC: Other contributors are Bharat Electronics Limited ( BEL ) , Bharat Dynamics Limited ( BDL ) , Astra Microwave Products Limited ( AMPL ) , Sri Venkateswara Engineers , Brahmos Private Limited , Bharat Forge and the DRDO employees voluntarily contributing one day salary

BC: The investigation will reveal more details.
AC: The investigation will reveal more details .

BC: Who the hero is?
AC: Who the hero is ?

BC: It was the highest partnership in T20Is for India Women.
AC: It was the highest partnership in T20Is for India Women .

BC: No marriage takes place here.
AC: No marriage takes place here .

BC: Heat up oil in a pan and saute the garlic and ginger.
AC: Heat up oil in a pan and saute the garlic and ginger .

BC: Bigg Boss Telugu Season 2 winner was Kaushal Manda.
AC: Bigg Boss Telugu Season 2 winner was Kaushal Manda .

BC: They know that what they did was wrong.
AC: They know that what they did was wrong .

BC: And Jesus, when he was baptized, went up straightway out of the water: and, lo, the heavens were opened unto him, and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove, and lighting upon him:
AC: And Jesus , when he was baptized , went up straightway out of the water : and , lo , the heavens were opened unto him , and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove , and lighting upon him :

BC: Directed by Anil Ravipudi, the film was loved by the audience and was a huge hit.
AC: Directed by Anil Ravipudi , the film was loved by the audience and was a huge hit .

BC: Why youre saying like that?
AC: Why youre saying like that ?

BC: Netizens have reacted in varying ways.
AC: Netizens have reacted in varying ways .

BC: His father was a primary school teacher.
AC: His father was a primary school teacher .

BC: They were, however, disinclined to capture Awadh outright and come face to face with the Maratha Empire and the remnants of the Mughal Empire.
AC: They were , however , disinclined to capture Awadh outright and come face to face with the Maratha Empire and the remnants of the Mughal Empire .

BC: But what exactly is the point of this film?
AC: But what exactly is the point of this film ?

BC: He also had an altercation with the police.
AC: He also had an altercation with the police .

BC: The police have also imposed section 144 in the area.
AC: The police have also imposed section 144 in the area .

BC: Hopefully SG...Because the first match will be with SG so the second Test will also have to be with SG, Ganguly said when asked about what ball will be used in the match.
AC: Hopefully SG ... Because the first match will be with SG so the second Test will also have to be with SG , Ganguly said when asked about what ball will be used in the match .

BC: The army launched a surgical strike on terrorist launch pads across the Line of Control in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir.
AC: The army launched a surgical strike on terrorist launch pads across the Line of Control in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir .

BC: This helps in preventing or fighting infections.
AC: This helps in preventing or fighting infections .

BC: In the movie, Vijay Deverakonda will be seen playing to role of a boxer.
AC: In the movie , Vijay Deverakonda will be seen playing to role of a boxer .

BC: IPL 2021: IPL auction date announced
AC: IPL 2021 : IPL auction date announced

BC: """Which of you men, if you had one hundred sheep, and lost one of them, wouldn't leave the ninety-nine in the wilderness, and go after the one that was lost, until he found it?"
AC: " " " Which of you men , if you had one hundred sheep , and lost one of them , wouldn 't leave the ninety-nine in the wilderness , and go after the one that was lost , until he found it ? "

BC: It's over.
AC: It 's over .

BC: Probably, this is mistaken as happening in the same year.
AC: Probably , this is mistaken as happening in the same year .

BC: Directed by Sujeeth, the movie is produced by UV Creations.
AC: Directed by Sujeeth , the movie is produced by UV Creations .

BC: But, AP Chief Minister Chandrababu is different from the rest of the pack.
AC: But , AP Chief Minister Chandrababu is different from the rest of the pack .

BC: Many, many more.
AC: Many , many more .

BC: The film releases in Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam, Kannada and Hindi.
AC: The film releases in Telugu , Tamil , Malayalam , Kannada and Hindi .

BC: I could not eat for days.
AC: I could not eat for days .

BC: The film didnt have to take so long to release.
AC: The film didnt have to take so long to release .

BC: The process was kept secret.
AC: The process was kept secret .

BC: What do the laws say?
AC: What do the laws say ?

BC: A suicide note was also confirmed to have been found.
AC: A suicide note was also confirmed to have been found .

BC: The incident took place at Chennai.
AC: The incident took place at Chennai .

BC: That, if the graph is sparse, it's better to use adjacency list, if the graph is dense, it's better to use an adjacency matrix.
AC: That , if the graph is sparse , it 's better to use adjacency list , if the graph is dense , it 's better to use an adjacency matrix .

BC: "They will end it very quickly,"" he said."
AC: " They will end it very quickly , " " he said . "

BC: Secretary, Department of Fertilizers Chhabilendra Roul joint secretary along with other seniors officers of the Department were also present on this occasion.
AC: Secretary , Department of Fertilizers Chhabilendra Roul joint secretary along with other seniors officers of the Department were also present on this occasion .

BC: Why are you not happy?
AC: Why are you not happy ?

BC: Risk factors include obesity and eating red meat.
AC: Risk factors include obesity and eating red meat .

BC: On the professional front, Pawan Kalyan is busy with movies as well as politics.
AC: On the professional front , Pawan Kalyan is busy with movies as well as politics .

BC: The movie is being loved by the audience and critics.
AC: The movie is being loved by the audience and critics .

BC: Vision problems occur in 38 to 80%.
AC: Vision problems occur in 38 to 80 % .

BC: Happy that the film has done so well.
AC: Happy that the film has done so well .

BC: The movie is directed by Pawan Wadeyar.
AC: The movie is directed by Pawan Wadeyar .

BC: Indian Army had lost 20 soldiers in the Galwan clash incident.
AC: Indian Army had lost 20 soldiers in the Galwan clash incident .

BC: I called police.
AC: I called police .

BC: On an average, a farmer gets a minimum price of Rs.
AC: On an average , a farmer gets a minimum price of Rs.

BC: You also need a paper and a pencil.
AC: You also need a paper and a pencil .

BC: We will forward them to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
AC: We will forward them to Prime Minister Narendra Modi .

BC: The film Mahanati based on the life of legendary actress Savitri has been a super hit.
AC: The film Mahanati based on the life of legendary actress Savitri has been a super hit .

BC: Is the police going to look into this matter?
AC: Is the police going to look into this matter ?

BC: In his book Humanity A Moral History of the Twentieth Century, author Jonathan Glover notes: One feature of our time is the fading of the moral law.
AC: In his book Humanity A Moral History of the Twentieth Century , author Jonathan Glover notes : One feature of our time is the fading of the moral law .

BC: How to make the switch in mutual funds?
AC: How to make the switch in mutual funds ?

BC: Of this, only Rs.
AC: Of this , only Rs.

BC: Along with gold, silver prices have also been declining.
AC: Along with gold , silver prices have also been declining .

BC: If you do not like or cannot perform aerobic exercise for some reason, try yoga to improve brain health as scientists led by Indian-origin Neha Gothe have found evidence that yoga enhances many of the same brain structures and functions that benefit from aerobic exercise.
AC: If you do not like or cannot perform aerobic exercise for some reason , try yoga to improve brain health as scientists led by Indian-origin Neha Gothe have found evidence that yoga enhances many of the same brain structures and functions that benefit from aerobic exercise .

BC: The issue was also raised in the Lok Sabha.
AC: The issue was also raised in the Lok Sabha .

BC: It was a good film.
AC: It was a good film .

BC: He also added that of this, 12,934 were foreign nationals.
AC: He also added that of this , 12,934 were foreign nationals .

BC: I held talks with my party cadre.
AC: I held talks with my party cadre .

BC: All domestic and international flights are grounded.
AC: All domestic and international flights are grounded .

BC: Would it surprise you to learn that people used obscene speech in the days of the apostles, nearly 2,000 years ago?
AC: Would it surprise you to learn that people used obscene speech in the days of the apostles , nearly 2,000 years ago ?

BC: Orders are also issued to this effect.
AC: Orders are also issued to this effect .

BC: This would be of no use.
AC: This would be of no use .

BC: So we came here.
AC: So we came here .

BC: Apart from that, there are no changes done to the Sleet variant
AC: Apart from that , there are no changes done to the Sleet variant

BC: India has already banned 59 Chinese apps including TikTok and WeChat.
AC: India has already banned 59 Chinese apps including TikTok and WeChat .

BC: It's a serious illness.
AC: It 's a serious illness .

BC: New Delhi: Sexual harassment cases in Delhi has been on the rise.
AC: New Delhi : Sexual harassment cases in Delhi has been on the rise .

BC: And how true it is.
AC: And how true it is .

BC: The movie will soon go into production.
AC: The movie will soon go into production .

BC: """We are not ready for war."
AC: " " " We are not ready for war . "

BC: He sustained serious knife injuries.
AC: He sustained serious knife injuries .

BC: I couldnt stop crying.
AC: I couldnt stop crying .

BC: But not for me!
AC: But not for me !

BC: The teaser of the film was released recently.
AC: The teaser of the film was released recently .

BC: Obama was the chief guest on Republic Day in 2015.
AC: Obama was the chief guest on Republic Day in 2015 .

BC: She was speaking to the media in Thiruvananthapuram.
AC: She was speaking to the media in Thiruvananthapuram .

BC: However, this project eventually collapsed.
AC: However , this project eventually collapsed .

BC: Three people in the car succumbed to death on the spot due to the impact of the collision.
AC: Three people in the car succumbed to death on the spot due to the impact of the collision .

BC: Dont depend on others.
AC: Dont depend on others .

BC: Actor Payal Rajput Of 'RX 100' Fame Speaks About Her Casting Couch Encounter
AC: Actor Payal Rajput Of ' RX 100 ' Fame Speaks About Her Casting Couch Encounter

BC: They are cost effective and beautiful.
AC: They are cost effective and beautiful .

BC: In 52 Test matches, Bradman scored 6996 runs with an excrutiating batting average of 99.94.
AC: In 52 Test matches , Bradman scored 6996 runs with an excrutiating batting average of 99.94 .

BC: He also said that Bangladesh is not only India's largest trading partner in South Asia, but also a development partner
AC: He also said that Bangladesh is not only India 's largest trading partner in South Asia , but also a development partner

BC: "Kaustubha (Sanskrit: :) is a divine jewel or ""Mani"" or ""ratnam"", which is in the possession of Lord Vishnu who lives in the Kshira Sagara - ""the ocean of milk""."
AC: " Kaustubha ( Sanskrit : : ) is a divine jewel or " " Mani " " or " " ratnam " , " which is in the possession of Lord Vishnu who lives in the Kshira Sagara - " " the ocean of milk " . " "

BC: This is an example.
AC: This is an example .

BC: Booking tickets for your summer vacation?
AC: Booking tickets for your summer vacation ?

BC: But they didn't.
AC: But they didn 't .

BC: Meanwhile, family members of the deceased staged a protest at the hospital.
AC: Meanwhile , family members of the deceased staged a protest at the hospital .

BC: I was prepared for this situation.
AC: I was prepared for this situation .

BC: Then, add onion, ginger and garlic.
AC: Then , add onion , ginger and garlic .

BC: Before the start of proceedings, BJP members were seen clapping when Prime Minister Narendra Modi walked into the House
AC: Before the start of proceedings , BJP members were seen clapping when Prime Minister Narendra Modi walked into the House

BC: 47 crore, Rs.
AC: 47 crore , Rs.

BC: Police officials said they registered a case and are investigating the incident.
AC: Police officials said they registered a case and are investigating the incident .

BC: But Sidharth had a reply.
AC: But Sidharth had a reply .

BC: These bills need to be debated in Parliament.
AC: These bills need to be debated in Parliament .

BC: At many places roads were washed way.
AC: At many places roads were washed way .

BC: Rajinikanth comes at this time and helps his brother to leave the bad people and everything ends well with Vijayasanthi losing her life in the course.
AC: Rajinikanth comes at this time and helps his brother to leave the bad people and everything ends well with Vijayasanthi losing her life in the course .

BC: Among other things discussed in the cabinet meeting, the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) has given approval to list seven central public sector enterprises (CPSE) on the stock exchange through an initial public offering (IPO).
AC: Among other things discussed in the cabinet meeting , the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs ( CCEA ) has given approval to list seven central public sector enterprises ( CPSE ) on the stock exchange through an initial public offering ( IPO ) .

BC: The police officials were not available for comment on the incident.
AC: The police officials were not available for comment on the incident .

BC: in different rooms.
AC: in different rooms .

BC: Its been proven so many times.
AC: Its been proven so many times .

BC: What do you do?
AC: What do you do ?

BC: This gave the case a new turn.
AC: This gave the case a new turn .

BC: Another accused is on the run.
AC: Another accused is on the run .

BC: This is not like somebody's, you know, girlfriend's left.
AC: This is not like somebody 's , you know , girlfriend 's left .

BC: The old man had died.
AC: The old man had died .

BC: The returning Jews had learned enough to abandon idolatry and spiritistic religion.
AC: The returning Jews had learned enough to abandon idolatry and spiritistic religion .

BC: They need to go a long way.
AC: They need to go a long way .

BC: revealed Ram Gopal Varma.
AC: revealed Ram Gopal Varma .

BC: One of the bodies had a tattoo mark on the right arm.
AC: One of the bodies had a tattoo mark on the right arm .

BC: This requires magnanimity.
AC: This requires magnanimity .

BC: After skipper Virat Kohli and leg-spinner Yuzvendra Chahal, Bangar too backed Dhoni.
AC: After skipper Virat Kohli and leg-spinner Yuzvendra Chahal , Bangar too backed Dhoni .

BC: There is no punishment.
AC: There is no punishment .

BC: They both fall in love with each other and want to get married.
AC: They both fall in love with each other and want to get married .

BC: According to the students, the examination was comparatively easier than previous years paper.
AC: According to the students , the examination was comparatively easier than previous years paper .

BC: Fundamental substances that consist of atoms of only one kind.
AC: Fundamental substances that consist of atoms of only one kind .

BC: So far, a total of 95,526 patients have been cured of COVID-19.
AC: So far , a total of 95,526 patients have been cured of COVID-19 .

BC: The film failed to impress the audience at the box-office.
AC: The film failed to impress the audience at the box-office .

BC: Apple also wants to open a fully-owned retail outlets in the country.
AC: Apple also wants to open a fully-owned retail outlets in the country .

BC: India gave a befitting reply to Pulwama attack by entering the den of terrorists.''
AC: India gave a befitting reply to Pulwama attack by entering the den of terrorists . "

BC: 15 thousand.
AC: 15 thousand .

BC: Congress chief Sonia Gandhi, former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, party general secretary Priyanka Gandhi Vadra, party Chief Ministers were among the other prominent leaders present at the protest.
AC: Congress chief Sonia Gandhi , former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , party general secretary Priyanka Gandhi Vadra , party Chief Ministers were among the other prominent leaders present at the protest .

BC: _Redo Change Owner
AC: _ Redo Change Owner

BC: In Tamil there is a saying.
AC: In Tamil there is a saying .

BC: Hear me, O LORD, hear me, that this people may know that thou art the LORD God, and that thou hast turned their heart back again.
AC: Hear me , O LORD , hear me , that this people may know that thou art the LORD God , and that thou hast turned their heart back again .

BC: However, fortunately, nobody was injured.
AC: However , fortunately , nobody was injured .

BC: Id not been this happy in a long time.
AC: Id not been this happy in a long time .

BC: Theres television and Internet.
AC: Theres television and Internet .

BC: The film's shoot was already in progress in Georgia when lockdown happened.
AC: The film 's shoot was already in progress in Georgia when lockdown happened .

BC: The the growth rate was 9.60 per cent.
AC: The the growth rate was 9.60 per cent .

BC: The state is also updating its National Register of Citizens ( NRC ) to identify illegal immigrants in Assam.
AC: The state is also updating its National Register of Citizens ( NRC ) to identify illegal immigrants in Assam .

BC: Jehovah is depicted as walking behind his people, issuing directions on the right way to walk.
AC: Jehovah is depicted as walking behind his people , issuing directions on the right way to walk .

BC: The work on the script is going on.
AC: The work on the script is going on .

BC: A pick-up van rammed into a private bus.
AC: A pick-up van rammed into a private bus .

BC: "They sent messengers to the inhabitants of Kiriath Jearim, saying, ""The Philistines have brought back the ark of Yahweh. come down, and bring it up to yourselves."""
AC: " They sent messengers to the inhabitants of Kiriath Jearim , saying , " " The Philistines have brought back the ark of Yahweh. come down , and bring it up to yourselves . " " "

BC: You can pay the tax either by cheque or cash.
AC: You can pay the tax either by cheque or cash .

BC: On an average, the menstrual periods cease around the age of 51.
AC: On an average , the menstrual periods cease around the age of 51 .

BC: BJP president Amit Shah is a baniya from Gujarat.
AC: BJP president Amit Shah is a baniya from Gujarat .

BC: As many as 23 chief ministers and one Lt Governor attended the meeting.
AC: As many as 23 chief ministers and one Lt Governor attended the meeting .

BC: The movement intensified.
AC: The movement intensified .

BC: It costs Rs 2,899.
AC: It costs Rs 2,899 .

BC: The government's Rs.
AC: The government 's Rs.

BC: These are not isolated events.
AC: These are not isolated events .

BC: How and where do I get started?
AC: How and where do I get started ?

BC: What shows that following Jesus counsel is practical and loving?
AC: What shows that following Jesus counsel is practical and loving ?

BC: Share everything that you have.
AC: Share everything that you have .

BC: I dont like doing that.
AC: I dont like doing that .

BC: A prudent warrior strives to know his enemy.
AC: A prudent warrior strives to know his enemy .

BC: Pakistan retaliated.
AC: Pakistan retaliated .

BC: They are watching us.
AC: They are watching us .

BC: India was on 601/5 when they declared their first innings.
AC: India was on 601 / 5 when they declared their first innings .

BC: Advocate K. Jagadishwar Reddy filed a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) in the Telangana High Court, seeking a stay on the show.
AC: Advocate K. Jagadishwar Reddy filed a Public Interest Litigation ( PIL ) in the Telangana High Court , seeking a stay on the show .

BC: But it never goes away.
AC: But it never goes away .

BC: Tata Consultancy Services (TCS)
AC: Tata Consultancy Services ( TCS )

BC: India three down for 114.
AC: India three down for 114 .

BC: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has expanded its national footprint with a victory in Assam and increased vote share in West Bengal and Kerala.
AC: The Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) has expanded its national footprint with a victory in Assam and increased vote share in West Bengal and Kerala .

BC: The Andhra Pradesh and Telangana vice-chairperson of Jana Sena Party government schemes and programmes committee, Duvvela Sujana accused the party leadership of selling tickets to corrupt individuals.
AC: The Andhra Pradesh and Telangana vice-chairperson of Jana Sena Party government schemes and programmes committee , Duvvela Sujana accused the party leadership of selling tickets to corrupt individuals .

BC: The JioTV also offers access to channels in different langauges such as Hindi, Marathi, Punjabi, Urdu, Bengali, English, Malayalam, Tamil, Gujarati, Odia, Telugu, Bhojpuri, Kannada, Assamese, Nepali, and French.
AC: The JioTV also offers access to channels in different langauges such as Hindi , Marathi , Punjabi , Urdu , Bengali , English , Malayalam , Tamil , Gujarati , Odia , Telugu , Bhojpuri , Kannada , Assamese , Nepali , and French .

BC: Former Indian captain Rahul Dravid is all set to be replaced as the head coach of the India A and the India U19 side.
AC: Former Indian captain Rahul Dravid is all set to be replaced as the head coach of the India A and the India U19 side .

BC: This was heavily criticised by many on social media.
AC: This was heavily criticised by many on social media .

BC: The list is quite long.
AC: The list is quite long .

BC: For example, a home loan of Rs.
AC: For example , a home loan of Rs.

BC: In the early congregation, the pattern was for each Christian to give according to his means and as he resolved in his heart. 12 / 1, pages 4 - 6.
AC: In the early congregation , the pattern was for each Christian to give according to his means and as he resolved in his heart . 12 / 1 , pages 4 - 6 .

BC: Indo-Pak NSA talks: Pakistan yet to confirm date
AC: Indo-Pak NSA talks : Pakistan yet to confirm date

BC: Three have died.
AC: Three have died .

BC: The kids were crying and fretting.
AC: The kids were crying and fretting .

BC: Nabha Natesh and Nidhhi Agerwal acted as the female leads in the movie.
AC: Nabha Natesh and Nidhhi Agerwal acted as the female leads in the movie .

BC: A large number of Congress leaders including the state Youth Congress president, Mr Varinder Gautam, MLAs Kuldip Kumar and Viplove Thakur attended function.
AC: A large number of Congress leaders including the state Youth Congress president , Mr Varinder Gautam , MLAs Kuldip Kumar and Viplove Thakur attended function .

BC: Cast: Nara Rohit, Sundeep Kishan, Sudheer Babu, Aadi, Rajendra Prasad, Indraja, Raghu, Suman and others
AC: Cast : Nara Rohit , Sundeep Kishan , Sudheer Babu , Aadi , Rajendra Prasad , Indraja , Raghu , Suman and others

BC: Because of this, about Rs.
AC: Because of this , about Rs.

BC: They have demanded the immediate disbursement of the salaries.
AC: They have demanded the immediate disbursement of the salaries .

BC: He earned his bachelors degree from the Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University in Hyderabad.
AC: He earned his bachelors degree from the Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University in Hyderabad .

BC: No other documents are required.
AC: No other documents are required .

BC: Bengaluru, Feb 16: Yuvraj Singh set a new record for being the costliest buy, when he was bought by Delhi Daredevils for Rs 16 crores at the IPL 2015 players auction today
AC: Bengaluru , Feb 16 : Yuvraj Singh set a new record for being the costliest buy , when he was bought by Delhi Daredevils for Rs 16 crores at the IPL 2015 players auction today

BC: The first time was by South Africas Imran Tahir at the World Cup.
AC: The first time was by South Africas Imran Tahir at the World Cup .

BC: He has to marry her.
AC: He has to marry her .

BC: Surgery might be needed at times.
AC: Surgery might be needed at times .

BC: Former party MP Shantaram Naik has even alleged that the state cabinet gave its assent to the project without fully understanding its ramifications.
AC: Former party MP Shantaram Naik has even alleged that the state cabinet gave its assent to the project without fully understanding its ramifications .

BC: An RTC bus turned turtle after hitting a lorry.
AC: An RTC bus turned turtle after hitting a lorry .

BC: Thats in doubt.
AC: Thats in doubt .

BC: Only he can do this.
AC: Only he can do this .

BC: The show is directed by Santosh Singh.
AC: The show is directed by Santosh Singh .

BC: Following this, the man approached the Supreme Court.
AC: Following this , the man approached the Supreme Court .

BC: The lorry driver and cleaner too have suffered injuries.
AC: The lorry driver and cleaner too have suffered injuries .

BC: It's very entertaining.
AC: It 's very entertaining .

BC: There seems to be no hope in sight.
AC: There seems to be no hope in sight .

BC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi also extended his greetings on the occasion.
AC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi also extended his greetings on the occasion .

BC: The NSE Nifty also went past the 10,300-mark.
AC: The NSE Nifty also went past the 10,300-mark .

BC: After arresting the accused, the police produced him before a court.
AC: After arresting the accused , the police produced him before a court .

BC: Hence, Delhi won the game by 17 runs.
AC: Hence , Delhi won the game by 17 runs .

BC: But he didnt get to play a game.
AC: But he didnt get to play a game .

BC: The accident occurred when a truck hit the car.
AC: The accident occurred when a truck hit the car .

BC: The cops registered a case against Jahangir, seized his bike and kept it in the parking lot next to Sangam temple.
AC: The cops registered a case against Jahangir , seized his bike and kept it in the parking lot next to Sangam temple .

BC: In the national capital Delhi, petrol prices rose to Rs.
AC: In the national capital Delhi , petrol prices rose to Rs.

BC: No way.
AC: No way .

BC: Of that, 10 bodies have been recovered so far.
AC: Of that , 10 bodies have been recovered so far .

BC: Please save me!
AC: Please save me !

BC: Chiranjeevi will be next seen in Koratala Siva's next film.
AC: Chiranjeevi will be next seen in Koratala Siva 's next film .

BC: Who's this guy?
AC: Who 's this guy ?

BC: Then close the second nostril and breathe out.
AC: Then close the second nostril and breathe out .

BC: The efforts are bearing fruit.
AC: The efforts are bearing fruit .

BC: How can you say there is no solution?
AC: How can you say there is no solution ?

BC: It can be subtle or quite brazen.
AC: It can be subtle or quite brazen .

BC: I dont know English.
AC: I dont know English .

BC: A new government came in.
AC: A new government came in .

BC: Biggest gainers:
AC: Biggest gainers :

BC: There was chaotic situation.
AC: There was chaotic situation .

BC: He did his primary and college education in Bangalore.
AC: He did his primary and college education in Bangalore .

BC: The stock had rallied on Tuesday, after a good set of results.
AC: The stock had rallied on Tuesday , after a good set of results .

BC: This act is very important.
AC: This act is very important .

BC: Failed to parse file: %s
AC: Failed to parse file : % s

BC: Directed by Koratala Siva, the film is produced by Ram Charan.
AC: Directed by Koratala Siva , the film is produced by Ram Charan .

BC: "Thanks for giving me the opportunity."""
AC: " Thanks for giving me the opportunity . " " "

BC: The solution to the Kashmir problem is not military but political.
AC: The solution to the Kashmir problem is not military but political .

BC: Pakistan Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi has summoned an emergency meeting in Islamabad, Pakistan.
AC: Pakistan Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi has summoned an emergency meeting in Islamabad , Pakistan .

BC: His hamstring snapped.
AC: His hamstring snapped .

BC: Amitabh Bachchans Twitter account hacked, profile photo showed Pakistan PM Imran Khan
AC: Amitabh Bachchans Twitter account hacked , profile photo showed Pakistan PM Imran Khan

BC: "The men of the place asked him about his wife. He said, ""She is my sister,"" for he was afraid to say, ""My wife,"" lest, he thought, ""the men of the place might kill me for Rebekah, because she is beautiful to look at."""
AC: " The men of the place asked him about his wife . He said , " " She is my sister , " " for he was afraid to say , " " My wife , " " lest , he thought , " " the men of the place might kill me for Rebekah , because she is beautiful to look at . " " "

BC: "China published a map showing Sikkim as a part of India and the Foreign Ministry deleted it from the list of China's ""border countries and regions""."
AC: " China published a map showing Sikkim as a part of India and the Foreign Ministry deleted it from the list of China 's " " border countries and regions " . " "

BC: There are three songs in the film.
AC: There are three songs in the film .

BC: The Supreme Court had last week dismissed the plea of Vinay Sharma challenging the rejection of his mercy petition by the President.
AC: The Supreme Court had last week dismissed the plea of Vinay Sharma challenging the rejection of his mercy petition by the President .

BC: The Ayurvedic diet identifies six tastes (rasas) eg.
AC: The Ayurvedic diet identifies six tastes ( rasas ) eg .

BC: But theyre all clueless.
AC: But theyre all clueless .

BC: "As a further necessary consequence, it is plain that the Roman Church is no more Catholic in any sense than a Methodist or a Baptist. Henry Mills Alden, Harper's New Monthly Magazine Volume 37, Issues 217-222 As such, according to one viewpoint, for those who ""belong to the Church,"" the term Methodist Catholic, or Presbyterian Catholic, or Baptist Catholic, is as proper as the term Roman Catholic."
AC: " As a further necessary consequence , it is plain that the Roman Church is no more Catholic in any sense than a Methodist or a Baptist . Henry Mills Alden , Harper 's New Monthly Magazine Volume 37 , Issues 217-222 As such , according to one viewpoint , for those who " " belong to the Church , " " the term Methodist Catholic , or Presbyterian Catholic , or Baptist Catholic , is as proper as the term Roman Catholic . "

BC: This is truly an ingenious effort.
AC: This is truly an ingenious effort .

BC: But this is politics.
AC: But this is politics .

BC: Assembly session adjourned indefinitely.
AC: Assembly session adjourned indefinitely .

BC: In the film, both will be seen playing siblings.
AC: In the film , both will be seen playing siblings .

BC: The Sensex ended down by 310 points, while the Nifty lost 68 points.
AC: The Sensex ended down by 310 points , while the Nifty lost 68 points .

BC: Make sure to choose according to your skin.
AC: Make sure to choose according to your skin .

BC: So, the effective interest rate on MCLR-based home loans ranges between 8.7%- 9.25%.
AC: So , the effective interest rate on MCLR-based home loans ranges between 8.7 % - 9.25 % .

BC: This money doesn't go into the accounts of the farmers.
AC: This money doesn 't go into the accounts of the farmers .

BC: To know, you have to watch the film.
AC: To know , you have to watch the film .

BC: The JJP wants 75 per cent job quota for locals.
AC: The JJP wants 75 per cent job quota for locals .

BC: The Minister was confident that these Regulations, which have been prepared by the experts of the Council, shall be able to address the major concerns and challenges lying in the area of human habitat and built environment in the country and propel India to a new high in the areas of innovation and skills development
AC: The Minister was confident that these Regulations , which have been prepared by the experts of the Council , shall be able to address the major concerns and challenges lying in the area of human habitat and built environment in the country and propel India to a new high in the areas of innovation and skills development

BC: Happy Birthday Dhoni.
AC: Happy Birthday Dhoni .

BC: """I will bear true faith and allegiance to the Constitution of India,"" he says."
AC: " " " I will bear true faith and allegiance to the Constitution of India , " " he says . "

BC: The film is divided into three chapters.
AC: The film is divided into three chapters .

BC: It means that the rainfall was over 20 per cent less than the normal in these districts.
AC: It means that the rainfall was over 20 per cent less than the normal in these districts .

BC: So far, 50 people died due to the disease.
AC: So far , 50 people died due to the disease .

BC: The CRF1100L Africa Twin now features a 1,084cc engine that produces 101 brake horsepower, and 105Nm of torque
AC: The CRF1100L Africa Twin now features a 1,084cc engine that produces 101 brake horsepower , and 105Nm of torque

BC: "Its something to look into."""
AC: " Its something to look into . " " "

BC: He also said that the previous TDP government totally ignored the Sivaramakrishnan Committee report.
AC: He also said that the previous TDP government totally ignored the Sivaramakrishnan Committee report .

BC: Jana Sena Party chief Pawan Kalyan.
AC: Jana Sena Party chief Pawan Kalyan .

BC: But paying the fees was.
AC: But paying the fees was .

BC: Producer Dil Raju released the film.
AC: Producer Dil Raju released the film .

BC: Rajanna Sircilla: YSRCP district President Ram conducted a protest at the Collectorate here
AC: Rajanna Sircilla : YSRCP district President Ram conducted a protest at the Collectorate here

BC: (Im coming.
AC: ( Im coming .

BC: Pakistan fell short, scoring 231 runs in 49.5 overs.
AC: Pakistan fell short , scoring 231 runs in 49.5 overs .

BC: The bank account though has to be linked to Aadhaar card.
AC: The bank account though has to be linked to Aadhaar card .

BC: The students came dressed up in different attires.
AC: The students came dressed up in different attires .

BC: Music: Prasanth R Vihari
AC: Music : Prasanth R Vihari

BC: BJP and Congress are neck and neck.
AC: BJP and Congress are neck and neck .

BC: India take on West Indies in their second Test match in Jamaica.
AC: India take on West Indies in their second Test match in Jamaica .

BC: The victim has a daughter and a son.
AC: The victim has a daughter and a son .

BC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Union Home Minister Amit Shah, Defence Minister Rajnath Singh along with Governor Ram Naik, Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath, Samajwadi Party chief Akhilesh Yadav and other politicians expressed grief on the deaths in the accident.
AC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi , Union Home Minister Amit Shah , Defence Minister Rajnath Singh along with Governor Ram Naik , Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath , Samajwadi Party chief Akhilesh Yadav and other politicians expressed grief on the deaths in the accident .

BC: "I am proud of this film."""
AC: " I am proud of this film . " " "

BC: 31 crore.
AC: 31 crore .

BC: India and China are in a standoff in eastern Ladakh along the Line of Actual Control (LAC), following aggressive border skirmishes by the Chinese army.
AC: India and China are in a standoff in eastern Ladakh along the Line of Actual Control ( LAC ) , following aggressive border skirmishes by the Chinese army .

BC: His wife Padmavathi is contesting from the Huzurnagar seat which is considered as a Congress stronghold.
AC: His wife Padmavathi is contesting from the Huzurnagar seat which is considered as a Congress stronghold .

BC: The grand event was attended by big talents of Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Kannada cinema.
AC: The grand event was attended by big talents of Tamil , Telugu , Malayalam and Kannada cinema .

BC: Pooja Hegde plays the female lead in this film.
AC: Pooja Hegde plays the female lead in this film .

BC: After that, it starts deteriorating.
AC: After that , it starts deteriorating .

BC: up to 2026.
AC: up to 2026 .

BC: Local political leaders were placed under detention.
AC: Local political leaders were placed under detention .

BC: "Why not one 220-story building?"""
AC: " Why not one 220-story building ? " " "

BC: There are two of them.
AC: There are two of them .

BC: Visit a doctor if the problem persists.
AC: Visit a doctor if the problem persists .

BC: Jio's new Rs.
AC: Jio 's new Rs.

BC: In the other incident, Rs.
AC: In the other incident , Rs.

BC: The statement came amid rising hostilities between the countries after New Delhi revoked the special status of Jammu and Kashmir and bifurcated it into two Union Territories.
AC: The statement came amid rising hostilities between the countries after New Delhi revoked the special status of Jammu and Kashmir and bifurcated it into two Union Territories .

BC: Her face was flushed with anger.
AC: Her face was flushed with anger .

BC: "See you in heaven."""
AC: " See you in heaven . " " "

BC: Although Jehovahs Witnesses no longer have the gift of tongues, they know the value of teaching in the languages of the people. 15, 16.
AC: Although Jehovahs Witnesses no longer have the gift of tongues , they know the value of teaching in the languages of the people . 15 , 16 .

BC: Thats not good.
AC: Thats not good .

BC: Prasad Babu's father Gummadi reveals the secret of the gloves to Satyanarayana in a drunken state.
AC: Prasad Babu 's father Gummadi reveals the secret of the gloves to Satyanarayana in a drunken state .

BC: look at children.
AC: look at children .

BC: Cost Breakdown:
AC: Cost Breakdown :

BC: The makers of the movie have announced new release date.
AC: The makers of the movie have announced new release date .

BC: %s: XDMCP disabled and no static servers defined. Aborting!
AC: % s : XDMCP disabled and no static servers defined . Aborting !

BC: Priyanka Chopra has made her mark in both Bollywood and Hollywood.
AC: Priyanka Chopra has made her mark in both Bollywood and Hollywood .

BC: It's not what you're expecting.
AC: It 's not what you 're expecting .

BC: Over the past few days, they had some friction between them, it is learnt.
AC: Over the past few days , they had some friction between them , it is learnt .

BC: It is expected to collect material during one lunar day -- equivalent to around 14 Earth days.
AC: It is expected to collect material during one lunar day -- equivalent to around 14 Earth days .

BC: Or do both?
AC: Or do both ?

BC: What are the downsides?
AC: What are the downsides ?

BC: New Delhi: Gold and prices are hitting record-high levels.
AC: New Delhi : Gold and prices are hitting record-high levels .

BC: What are the differences between Nifty exchange-traded fund (ETF) and any equity mutual fund?
AC: What are the differences between Nifty exchange-traded fund ( ETF ) and any equity mutual fund ?

BC: These symptoms are indicative of a liver disease.
AC: These symptoms are indicative of a liver disease .

BC: The film successfully completed 50 days.
AC: The film successfully completed 50 days .

BC: PM Modi invokes Indira Gandhi again, takes dig at Congress
AC: PM Modi invokes Indira Gandhi again , takes dig at Congress

BC: Fodder price has gone up.
AC: Fodder price has gone up .

BC: Eligibility: BE (Power / Electrical & Electronics / Electrical).
AC: Eligibility : BE ( Power / Electrical & Electronics / Electrical ) .

BC: Is this constitutional?
AC: Is this constitutional ?

BC: Their words dont.
AC: Their words dont .

BC: It might be hard to believe.
AC: It might be hard to believe .

BC: This facility will be available from March 1, 2018.
AC: This facility will be available from March 1 , 2018 .

BC: The six, including the woman, have been arrested, police said.
AC: The six , including the woman , have been arrested , police said .

BC: Shikhar Dhawan , KL Rahul and Prithvi Shaw being the others to do so.
AC: Shikhar Dhawan , KL Rahul and Prithvi Shaw being the others to do so .

BC: Cauliflower and leafy vegetables like cabbage are good.
AC: Cauliflower and leafy vegetables like cabbage are good .

BC: Houses have been destroyed.
AC: Houses have been destroyed .

BC: We dont know whether he is dead or alive.
AC: We dont know whether he is dead or alive .

BC: We have promoted 100 % FDI in food processing which will give fillip to our agro- based industries.
AC: We have promoted 100 % FDI in food processing which will give fillip to our agro- based industries .

BC: But theres another difference as well.
AC: But theres another difference as well .

BC: There is nothing one cannot achieve, he said.
AC: There is nothing one cannot achieve , he said .

BC: The victims' upon discovering the fraud lodged a complaint with the police in Vijayawada and Visakhaptnam districts,from where they hailed
AC: The victims ' upon discovering the fraud lodged a complaint with the police in Vijayawada and Visakhaptnam districts , from where they hailed

BC: The film will release soon.
AC: The film will release soon .

BC: Bengaluru: JDS-Congress coalition government has collapsed in Karnataka.
AC: Bengaluru : JDS-Congress coalition government has collapsed in Karnataka .

BC: I'm going into politics.
AC: I 'm going into politics .

BC: Many people were also injured in the incident.
AC: Many people were also injured in the incident .

BC: And why in summer?
AC: And why in summer ?

BC: The amount of cholesterol in it is low.
AC: The amount of cholesterol in it is low .

BC: The picture is really bleak.
AC: The picture is really bleak .

BC: """I am so proud of my daughter."
AC: " " " I am so proud of my daughter . "

BC: The revenues for the month are 86 percent of the GST revenues in the same month last year.
AC: The revenues for the month are 86 percent of the GST revenues in the same month last year .

BC: Thereafter, he received a call.
AC: Thereafter , he received a call .

BC: After delivering the blockbusters Mirchi and Srimanthudu, director Koratala Siva has teamed up with Jr NTR for Janata Garage.
AC: After delivering the blockbusters Mirchi and Srimanthudu , director Koratala Siva has teamed up with Jr NTR for Janata Garage .

BC: Mind is blown.
AC: Mind is blown .

BC: They were safe.
AC: They were safe .

BC: Her father is Mothey Narayana Rao.
AC: Her father is Mothey Narayana Rao .

BC: That will happen soon.
AC: That will happen soon .

BC: There is significant presence of Telugu speaking people in Karnataka.
AC: There is significant presence of Telugu speaking people in Karnataka .

BC: Im delighted to be a part of this project.
AC: Im delighted to be a part of this project .

BC: Shooter opens fire at California food festival, three people killed
AC: Shooter opens fire at California food festival , three people killed

BC: They underwent three tests during this period.
AC: They underwent three tests during this period .

BC: Deficiency of iron leads to anaemia.
AC: Deficiency of iron leads to anaemia .

BC: Speaking to PTI, Vijender said he preferably wants two-time Olympic medal winning wrestler Sushil Kumar to get the honour, as originally recommended by the sports ministry.
AC: Speaking to PTI , Vijender said he preferably wants two-time Olympic medal winning wrestler Sushil Kumar to get the honour , as originally recommended by the sports ministry .

BC: He answers: Studying the Bible with Jehovahs Witnesses saved my life.
AC: He answers : Studying the Bible with Jehovahs Witnesses saved my life .

BC: But he could do nothing about it.
AC: But he could do nothing about it .

BC: At some places, the road is heavily damaged.
AC: At some places , the road is heavily damaged .

BC: 63% of the new cases have been reported from ten States/UTs.
AC: 63 % of the new cases have been reported from ten States / UTs .

BC: I have very good producers backing me too.
AC: I have very good producers backing me too .

BC: Jagan Mohan Reddys plea for exemption from personal appearances has been rejected by a CBI court.
AC: Jagan Mohan Reddys plea for exemption from personal appearances has been rejected by a CBI court .

BC: At least 18 people died in the horrific plane crash, including the two pilots Capt.
AC: At least 18 people died in the horrific plane crash , including the two pilots Capt.

BC: Their concerns are votes.
AC: Their concerns are votes .

BC: The right-handed batsman has 1694 runs in 55 ODIs that he has played.
AC: The right-handed batsman has 1694 runs in 55 ODIs that he has played .

BC: Look into domestic and family concerns.
AC: Look into domestic and family concerns .

BC: You may not notice it, but your vision is changing.
AC: You may not notice it , but your vision is changing .

BC: She doesnt budge.
AC: She doesnt budge .

BC: Vijay Devarakonda plays the lead role in the movie with four heroines paired up with him.
AC: Vijay Devarakonda plays the lead role in the movie with four heroines paired up with him .

BC: What are its effects?
AC: What are its effects ?

BC: Cheap politics!
AC: Cheap politics !

BC: Some of Sachin Tendulkar records in international cricket composes of some staggering numbers.
AC: Some of Sachin Tendulkar records in international cricket composes of some staggering numbers .

BC: Why Iceland?
AC: Why Iceland ?

BC: His wife's name was Janina.
AC: His wife 's name was Janina .

BC: India have lost the tie to Indonesia 1-3.
AC: India have lost the tie to Indonesia 1-3 .

BC: Petrol and diesel rates are decided on a daily basis by oil-marketing companies on the basis of the rupee-dollar rate and global crude oil prices.
AC: Petrol and diesel rates are decided on a daily basis by oil-marketing companies on the basis of the rupee-dollar rate and global crude oil prices .

BC: They were accused of having links with Maoists.
AC: They were accused of having links with Maoists .

BC: This isnt new.
AC: This isnt new .

BC: We need a new freedom movement.
AC: We need a new freedom movement .

BC: 15 million.
AC: 15 million .

BC: No means No.
AC: No means No .

BC: They also have two children.
AC: They also have two children .

BC: The process is as follows:
AC: The process is as follows :

BC: It wasnt entirely fulfilled.
AC: It wasnt entirely fulfilled .

BC: During the attack the militants killed six policemen, six Shia prisoners and two private security guards.
AC: During the attack the militants killed six policemen , six Shia prisoners and two private security guards .

BC: I am still in the learning phase.
AC: I am still in the learning phase .

BC: He jumped on top of me.
AC: He jumped on top of me .

BC: Next, wash in warm water with mild detergent.
AC: Next , wash in warm water with mild detergent .

BC: Finally, they had to go to a private hospital.
AC: Finally , they had to go to a private hospital .

BC: Mushfiqur Rahim notched a valiant hundred.
AC: Mushfiqur Rahim notched a valiant hundred .

BC: I spoke with students.
AC: I spoke with students .

BC: He was married.
AC: He was married .

BC: 99 onwards.
AC: 99 onwards .

BC: Both have moved on.
AC: Both have moved on .

BC: We next decided to visit the island of Zanzibar, some 20 miles [30 km] off the eastern coast.
AC: We next decided to visit the island of Zanzibar , some 20 miles [ 30 km ] off the eastern coast .

BC: Karnataka High Court rejects Jayalalithaa's bail plea
AC: Karnataka High Court rejects Jayalalithaa 's bail plea

BC: Lets find out right here.
AC: Lets find out right here .

BC: To reach Thengal Bhavan, tourists can hire a taxi and travel to Titabor
AC: To reach Thengal Bhavan , tourists can hire a taxi and travel to Titabor

BC: The elections will take place only after that, he said.
AC: The elections will take place only after that , he said .

BC: They were then married.
AC: They were then married .

BC: The pond holds plenty of water.
AC: The pond holds plenty of water .

BC: I was also encouraged by Brother Melvin Winchester, a zone servant (now called circuit overseer). I spoke to Marion about my goals.
AC: I was also encouraged by Brother Melvin Winchester , a zone servant ( now called circuit overseer ) . I spoke to Marion about my goals .

BC: He married Santhi Kumari after the death of his first wife.
AC: He married Santhi Kumari after the death of his first wife .

BC: He had forty sons and thirty sons' sons, who rode on seventy donkey colts: and he judged Israel eight years.
AC: He had forty sons and thirty sons ' sons , who rode on seventy donkey colts : and he judged Israel eight years .

BC: I was ashamed.
AC: I was ashamed .

BC: There are lot of difficulties in life.
AC: There are lot of difficulties in life .

BC: I do know that.
AC: I do know that .

BC: What about earnings?
AC: What about earnings ?

BC: Tracks at several places in Kolkata were damaged by uprooted trees.
AC: Tracks at several places in Kolkata were damaged by uprooted trees .

BC: And how can it be fixed?
AC: And how can it be fixed ?

BC: But at the ground level situations are exactly the opposite.
AC: But at the ground level situations are exactly the opposite .

BC: I stopped eating.
AC: I stopped eating .

BC: You need to keep that in mind.
AC: You need to keep that in mind .

BC: State govt: Rs.
AC: State govt : Rs.

BC: There has been a series of IT raids on TDP leaders in the last few days.
AC: There has been a series of IT raids on TDP leaders in the last few days .

BC: Why the two are together is unclear.
AC: Why the two are together is unclear .

BC: Also, if he has committed sins, it will be forgiven him. James 5: 14, 15.
AC: Also , if he has committed sins , it will be forgiven him . James 5 : 14 , 15 .

BC: Women are the largest untapped reservoir of talent in the world.
AC: Women are the largest untapped reservoir of talent in the world .

BC: The separate state for Telangana protest started with an only aim of forming separate Telangana with 10 districts from the Telangana area.
AC: The separate state for Telangana protest started with an only aim of forming separate Telangana with 10 districts from the Telangana area .

BC: He was released on bail shortly thereafter.
AC: He was released on bail shortly thereafter .

BC: Leave on overnight and rinse with cold water in the morning.
AC: Leave on overnight and rinse with cold water in the morning .

BC: Children and the elderly are particularly vulnerable.
AC: Children and the elderly are particularly vulnerable .

BC: Summer vacations have begun.
AC: Summer vacations have begun .

BC: There is no obstacle.
AC: There is no obstacle .

BC: I finally found it.
AC: I finally found it .

BC: However, Rs.
AC: However , Rs.

BC: This is payable in three instalments.
AC: This is payable in three instalments .

BC: Everyone should take responsibility for water resources.
AC: Everyone should take responsibility for water resources .

BC: I am honored.
AC: I am honored .

BC: The candidates will be selected on the basis of written examination, physical measurement and interview.
AC: The candidates will be selected on the basis of written examination , physical measurement and interview .

BC: Everything is going well.
AC: Everything is going well .

BC: It has a population of nearly 63,000 people.
AC: It has a population of nearly 63,000 people .

BC: He put forth his opinion.
AC: He put forth his opinion .

BC: The story ends here.
AC: The story ends here .

BC: Shiv Sena leader Sanjay Raut exuded confidence that a Government led by his party will be in place by next month in Maharashtra.
AC: Shiv Sena leader Sanjay Raut exuded confidence that a Government led by his party will be in place by next month in Maharashtra .

BC: """They have created a new system altogether by which they could literally bleed other mining companies"", he added"
AC: " " " They have created a new system altogether by which they could literally bleed other mining companies " , " he added "

BC: BJP vs Congress: Who will win battle for Haryana?
AC: BJP vs Congress : Who will win battle for Haryana ?

BC: Whats the time?
AC: Whats the time ?

BC: The film is directed by Praveen Sattaru of Guntur Talkies fame.
AC: The film is directed by Praveen Sattaru of Guntur Talkies fame .

BC: Preparations for this have begun.
AC: Preparations for this have begun .

BC: The BJP got 71 seats and the Apna Dal two.
AC: The BJP got 71 seats and the Apna Dal two .

BC: """What are you doing, sir?"""
AC: " " " What are you doing , sir ? " " "

BC: Positivity rate is at 4.25 per cent.
AC: Positivity rate is at 4.25 per cent .

BC: Police who responded to reports of a shooting rushed to the scene and engaged the gunman.
AC: Police who responded to reports of a shooting rushed to the scene and engaged the gunman .

BC: This isn't political.
AC: This isn 't political .

BC: Gujarat Elections: Litmus Test for Modi & Rahul!
AC: Gujarat Elections : Litmus Test for Modi & Rahul !

BC: Due to this the whole area got barren.
AC: Due to this the whole area got barren .

BC: YS Jagan Mohan Reddy, Leader of the Opposition and YSRCP chief
AC: YS Jagan Mohan Reddy , Leader of the Opposition and YSRCP chief

BC: But it doesnt seem to have mattered to him.
AC: But it doesnt seem to have mattered to him .

BC: For example, water filters, this is one of the main concerns that we have is that we drink water we do not know if it is safe.
AC: For example , water filters , this is one of the main concerns that we have is that we drink water we do not know if it is safe .

BC: Do you have any plans to enter Bollywood?
AC: Do you have any plans to enter Bollywood ?

BC: Educate people.
AC: Educate people .

BC: Also social security system should be strengthened.
AC: Also social security system should be strengthened .

BC: In this connection, it is stated that the Union Cabinet, while approving the scheme on 1.2.2019, made Aadhaar seeding of the beneficiaries data compulsory for release of 2nd installment onwards.
AC: In this connection , it is stated that the Union Cabinet , while approving the scheme on 1.2.2019 , made Aadhaar seeding of the beneficiaries data compulsory for release of 2nd installment onwards .

BC: Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan was shifted to Madhya Pradesh from Bihar.
AC: Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan was shifted to Madhya Pradesh from Bihar .

BC: There are many houses in the locality.
AC: There are many houses in the locality .

BC: We are delighted to be working with them.
AC: We are delighted to be working with them .

BC: All five judges concurred.
AC: All five judges concurred .

BC: The movie has already begun the pre-production.
AC: The movie has already begun the pre-production .

BC: Yet, the apostle Paul wrote these words to Hebrew Christians: [You] joyfully took the plundering of your belongings.
AC: Yet , the apostle Paul wrote these words to Hebrew Christians : [ You ] joyfully took the plundering of your belongings .

BC: This is not the usual practise.
AC: This is not the usual practise .

BC: But there is another reality.
AC: But there is another reality .

BC: Defence minister Rajnath Singh spoke to Army Chief Gen. Rawat about the situation in the Tangdhar sector.
AC: Defence minister Rajnath Singh spoke to Army Chief Gen. Rawat about the situation in the Tangdhar sector .

BC: Ranbir Kapoor and Alia Bhatt are the most loved celebrity couple of Bollywood.
AC: Ranbir Kapoor and Alia Bhatt are the most loved celebrity couple of Bollywood .

BC: We had many problems.
AC: We had many problems .

BC: Iron: Spinach, ragi, jaggery, dates and figs, raisins, organ meats.
AC: Iron : Spinach , ragi , jaggery , dates and figs , raisins , organ meats .

BC: Police took the body to hospital for autopsy.
AC: Police took the body to hospital for autopsy .

BC: But they should first want to learn.
AC: But they should first want to learn .

BC: The spate of suicides by students of Narayana institutions is continuing unabated.
AC: The spate of suicides by students of Narayana institutions is continuing unabated .

BC: Blossoming flowers of varied colours.
AC: Blossoming flowers of varied colours .

BC: While Tamil film stars like Rajinikanth and Kamal Haasan garnered a following beyond their base to feature in Bollywood, the Telugu film industry hadn't really seen crossover successes.
AC: While Tamil film stars like Rajinikanth and Kamal Haasan garnered a following beyond their base to feature in Bollywood , the Telugu film industry hadn 't really seen crossover successes .

BC: Noctovision also cannot determine the coordinates of the subject in three-dimensional space.
AC: Noctovision also cannot determine the coordinates of the subject in three-dimensional space .

BC: Listen in to what she has to say.
AC: Listen in to what she has to say .

BC: The movie is being produced by Ram Charan.
AC: The movie is being produced by Ram Charan .

BC: Then comes school.
AC: Then comes school .

BC: Travel has reduced.
AC: Travel has reduced .

BC: They are low in carbs as well.
AC: They are low in carbs as well .

BC: Editors Guild of India condemns Karnataka assembly decision to call for jail terms,fines for two editors.
AC: Editors Guild of India condemns Karnataka assembly decision to call for jail terms , fines for two editors .

BC: And whether they become coders or the next Hillary Clinton or Beyonc, they will not defer their dreams.
AC: And whether they become coders or the next Hillary Clinton or Beyonc , they will not defer their dreams .

BC: Till date, no batsman has managed to break that record.
AC: Till date , no batsman has managed to break that record .

BC: Consider the case of the first - century Jewish man named Saul, who became the Christian apostle known as Paul.
AC: Consider the case of the first - century Jewish man named Saul , who became the Christian apostle known as Paul .

BC: The continuation of a divided and weak central government would in Patel's mind, result in the wider fragmentation of India by encouraging more than 600 princely states towards independence.
AC: The continuation of a divided and weak central government would in Patel 's mind , result in the wider fragmentation of India by encouraging more than 600 princely states towards independence .

BC: Same is the case with other states.
AC: Same is the case with other states .

BC: Also, they are highly unreliable.
AC: Also , they are highly unreliable .

BC: All will be revealed.
AC: All will be revealed .

BC: The film stars Nithiin and Rashi Khanna in the lead roles.
AC: The film stars Nithiin and Rashi Khanna in the lead roles .

BC: He said a bill in this regard would be brought in the forthcoming assembly session.
AC: He said a bill in this regard would be brought in the forthcoming assembly session .

BC: Employees shall be given new roles.
AC: Employees shall be given new roles .

BC: Then Zedekiah said to Jeremiah, Let no man know of these words, and you shall not die.
AC: Then Zedekiah said to Jeremiah , Let no man know of these words , and you shall not die .

BC: On the other hand, customs duty on imported nylon fibre and yarn has been reduced to 5 percent from 7.5 percent.
AC: On the other hand , customs duty on imported nylon fibre and yarn has been reduced to 5 percent from 7.5 percent .

BC: Jr NTR Breaks Down On Seeing Dead Father!
AC: Jr NTR Breaks Down On Seeing Dead Father !

BC: The earliest of PSCs were signed in the year 1994.
AC: The earliest of PSCs were signed in the year 1994 .

BC: Parallelly, malicious Zamindar Bhupati Rayudu (Satyanarayana) sublets authority over the lands under the Peetam, by trampling tribes under his feet.
AC: Parallelly , malicious Zamindar Bhupati Rayudu ( Satyanarayana ) sublets authority over the lands under the Peetam , by trampling tribes under his feet .

BC: The organisation's office in Delhis Saidulajab was also raided.
AC: The organisation 's office in Delhis Saidulajab was also raided .

BC: Lawyer Sudhir Kumar Ojha filed the sedition case in the chief judicial magistrate court in Muzaffarpur district.
AC: Lawyer Sudhir Kumar Ojha filed the sedition case in the chief judicial magistrate court in Muzaffarpur district .

BC: It is a very surprising thing.
AC: It is a very surprising thing .

BC: Whats the scene?
AC: Whats the scene ?

BC: I was astonished to hear this.
AC: I was astonished to hear this .

BC: The two were good friends.
AC: The two were good friends .

BC: And he said, Oh let not the Lord be angry, and I will speak yet but this once: Peradventure ten shall be found there. And he said, I will not destroy it for ten's sake.
AC: And he said , Oh let not the Lord be angry , and I will speak yet but this once : Peradventure ten shall be found there . And he said , I will not destroy it for ten 's sake .

BC: The Prime Minister thanked everyone present in the gathering for fulfilling his vision of a Kumbh that was a blend of spirituality, faith and modernity.
AC: The Prime Minister thanked everyone present in the gathering for fulfilling his vision of a Kumbh that was a blend of spirituality , faith and modernity .

BC: The film is produced by DVV Danayya and music has been composed by Devi Sri Prasad.
AC: The film is produced by DVV Danayya and music has been composed by Devi Sri Prasad .

BC: The officials should convince the farmers in this regard.
AC: The officials should convince the farmers in this regard .

BC: Penalise, jail.
AC: Penalise , jail .

BC: 23,000 crore of this.
AC: 23,000 crore of this .

BC: They were immediately rushed to the hospital and given medical treatment.
AC: They were immediately rushed to the hospital and given medical treatment .

BC: I immediately rushed to the hospital.
AC: I immediately rushed to the hospital .

BC: Theres no hope.
AC: Theres no hope .

BC: However, doctors said that the students are out of danger.
AC: However , doctors said that the students are out of danger .

BC: Farmers already faced drought in last kharif season due to deficient rainfall in last monsoon.
AC: Farmers already faced drought in last kharif season due to deficient rainfall in last monsoon .

BC: Its free, simple, fast and secure.
AC: Its free , simple , fast and secure .

BC: "He said to them, ""Did you receive the Holy Spirit when you believed?"" They said to him, ""No, we haven't even heard that there is a Holy Spirit."""
AC: " He said to them , " " Did you receive the Holy Spirit when you believed ? " " They said to him , " " No , we haven 't even heard that there is a Holy Spirit . " " "

BC: Amaravati: Chief Secretary LV Subramanyam on Saturday stated that Andhra Pradesh suffered a loss of Rs 57.61 crore in the devastation occurred due to Cyclone Fani
AC: Amaravati : Chief Secretary LV Subramanyam on Saturday stated that Andhra Pradesh suffered a loss of Rs 57.61 crore in the devastation occurred due to Cyclone Fani

BC: Love you, he tweeted.
AC: Love you , he tweeted .

BC: This tree also produces more oxygen than other trees.
AC: This tree also produces more oxygen than other trees .

BC: Qualification: Graduation,
AC: Qualification : Graduation ,

BC: Nagaland: Nine Opposition party MLAs have been made part of COVID-19 monitoring team in Nagaland.
AC: Nagaland : Nine Opposition party MLAs have been made part of COVID-19 monitoring team in Nagaland .

BC: Police immediately reached the spot after being informed by the locals.
AC: Police immediately reached the spot after being informed by the locals .

BC: Whose body?
AC: Whose body ?

BC: It should not become too soft.
AC: It should not become too soft .

BC: Delhi has recorded a total of 28,936 coronavirus cases while 812 people have died so far.
AC: Delhi has recorded a total of 28,936 coronavirus cases while 812 people have died so far .

BC: No business is running.
AC: No business is running .

BC: The handing over of remaining land is under process.
AC: The handing over of remaining land is under process .

BC: The performances showed.
AC: The performances showed .

BC: Falling back to inherit.
AC: Falling back to inherit .

BC: We discussed various issues.
AC: We discussed various issues .

BC: We can still see the press coverage of those times when the constituent assembly held its sessions.
AC: We can still see the press coverage of those times when the constituent assembly held its sessions .

BC: Players of around 13 States took part in the national event.
AC: Players of around 13 States took part in the national event .

BC: about 16 crore people.
AC: about 16 crore people .

BC: On the other hand, Rs.
AC: On the other hand , Rs.

BC: The bill was approved by 125 votes in favour and 61 against it.
AC: The bill was approved by 125 votes in favour and 61 against it .

BC: The Minister...
AC: The Minister ...

BC: One of the reasons for this is the poor consumption of dairy products.
AC: One of the reasons for this is the poor consumption of dairy products .

BC: Identification of issues to be addressed regarding both existing and upcoming facilities, and also operation and maintenance at either of them.
AC: Identification of issues to be addressed regarding both existing and upcoming facilities , and also operation and maintenance at either of them .

BC: The coronavirus in India is increasing exponentially.
AC: The coronavirus in India is increasing exponentially .

BC: Special prayers were held at temples.
AC: Special prayers were held at temples .

BC: The criticism began to mount.
AC: The criticism began to mount .

BC: He has two sons and two daughters.
AC: He has two sons and two daughters .

BC: And thou shalt make the staves of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold.
AC: And thou shalt make the staves of shittim wood , and overlay them with gold .

BC: The weather department has forecast more rains in the state.
AC: The weather department has forecast more rains in the state .

BC: Children went to school.
AC: Children went to school .

BC: What is so unique about this product?
AC: What is so unique about this product ?

BC: It is far more common in children.
AC: It is far more common in children .

BC: BJP candidates were in the second place in many seats.
AC: BJP candidates were in the second place in many seats .

BC: How is the government addressing this?
AC: How is the government addressing this ?

BC: Ram Gopal Varma is getting inspired again.
AC: Ram Gopal Varma is getting inspired again .

BC: Another film?
AC: Another film ?

BC: Police registered the case and arrested him.
AC: Police registered the case and arrested him .

BC: The court also made it clear that Chidambaram won't be shown all the materials collected by ED at this stage and ED too doesn't need to produce the transcripts of Chidambaram's questioning in the court at this stage.
AC: The court also made it clear that Chidambaram won 't be shown all the materials collected by ED at this stage and ED too doesn 't need to produce the transcripts of Chidambaram 's questioning in the court at this stage .

BC: Continuing, Paul wrote that the approved condition, in turn, [produces] hope.
AC: Continuing , Paul wrote that the approved condition , in turn , [ produces ] hope .

BC: He featured in a variety of character roles in over 300 films.
AC: He featured in a variety of character roles in over 300 films .

BC: They had reached here from Tamil Nadu and Delhi.
AC: They had reached here from Tamil Nadu and Delhi .

BC: Large quantities of arms and ammunition were seized from them.
AC: Large quantities of arms and ammunition were seized from them .

BC: The accident severely damaged the roof and the vehicle.
AC: The accident severely damaged the roof and the vehicle .

BC: How to respond?
AC: How to respond ?

BC: Their beauty is sublime.
AC: Their beauty is sublime .

BC: No tsunami warning was issued following the quakes.
AC: No tsunami warning was issued following the quakes .

BC: He died in hospital this morning.
AC: He died in hospital this morning .

BC: The answer is numerous.
AC: The answer is numerous .

BC: He was happy.
AC: He was happy .

BC: Ladies and gentlemen Steve Gray!
AC: Ladies and gentlemen Steve Gray !

BC: Then Eliashib the high priest rose up with his brethren the priests, and they builded the sheep gate. they sanctified it, and set up the doors of it. even unto the tower of Meah they sanctified it, unto the tower of Hananeel.
AC: Then Eliashib the high priest rose up with his brethren the priests , and they builded the sheep gate. they sanctified it , and set up the doors of it. even unto the tower of Meah they sanctified it , unto the tower of Hananeel .

BC: A case of murder filed against him and he was arrested.
AC: A case of murder filed against him and he was arrested .

BC: It was a never before feeling.
AC: It was a never before feeling .

BC: Police said no CCTV camera was available at the spot for leads into the snatching.
AC: Police said no CCTV camera was available at the spot for leads into the snatching .

BC: We will win that battle.
AC: We will win that battle .

BC: India has, so far, confirmed two cases in Kerala.
AC: India has , so far , confirmed two cases in Kerala .

BC: Supreme Court rejects Akshay Kumar's review petition
AC: Supreme Court rejects Akshay Kumar 's review petition

BC: The funds raised will be used for business expansion.
AC: The funds raised will be used for business expansion .

BC: What is included in your efforts to show kindness in your ministry?
AC: What is included in your efforts to show kindness in your ministry ?

BC: India won the third Test by 137 runs to go 2-1 up in the series.
AC: India won the third Test by 137 runs to go 2-1 up in the series .

BC: A case has been registered and the matter is being probed, he said.
AC: A case has been registered and the matter is being probed , he said .

BC: People are facing problems due to flood.
AC: People are facing problems due to flood .

BC: Meanwhile, heavy rains caused water-logging in many areas of Hyderabad.
AC: Meanwhile , heavy rains caused water-logging in many areas of Hyderabad .

BC: BJP leaders are being misguided.
AC: BJP leaders are being misguided .

BC: There are two small lakes constructed on two sides of the temple.
AC: There are two small lakes constructed on two sides of the temple .

BC: The dead bodies have not been recovered by police.
AC: The dead bodies have not been recovered by police .

BC: This is the question.
AC: This is the question .

BC: Remove not the old landmark. and enter not into the fields of the fatherless:
AC: Remove not the old landmark. and enter not into the fields of the fatherless :

BC: Yes, it is me in the video: Swami Nithyananda
AC: Yes , it is me in the video : Swami Nithyananda

BC: I am Jehovah your God. Once again, no specific amount was required.
AC: I am Jehovah your God . Once again , no specific amount was required .

BC: """We do not need to do any thing."
AC: " " " We do not need to do any thing . "

BC: I worry about what will happen to him.
AC: I worry about what will happen to him .

BC: After that, click on the submit option.
AC: After that , click on the submit option .

BC: Director: A R Murugudoss
AC: Director : A R Murugudoss

BC: Its more cultural than religious.
AC: Its more cultural than religious .

BC: However, no injury to anybody was reported due to the blast.
AC: However , no injury to anybody was reported due to the blast .

BC: the Sales Tax/VAT Commissionerate
AC: the Sales Tax / VAT Commissionerate

BC: Lampone finds the case empty.
AC: Lampone finds the case empty .

BC: Am I doing okay?
AC: Am I doing okay ?

BC: Reddy asked.
AC: Reddy asked .

BC: Many doctors, teachers and parents participated in the seminar.
AC: Many doctors , teachers and parents participated in the seminar .

BC: What do you think, the court mandarins ?
AC: What do you think , the court mandarins ?

BC: Best background music award: Uri
AC: Best background music award : Uri

BC: Television Actor Kushal Punjabi.
AC: Television Actor Kushal Punjabi .

BC: On receiving information, police reached the spot and made an inquiry.
AC: On receiving information , police reached the spot and made an inquiry .

BC: ATC didnt allow helicopter tour owing to bad weather conditions.
AC: ATC didnt allow helicopter tour owing to bad weather conditions .

BC: A 3-year-old child also received bullet injuries.
AC: A 3-year-old child also received bullet injuries .

BC: He had argued.
AC: He had argued .

BC: And the film was made.
AC: And the film was made .

BC: The farmers are facing financial problem.
AC: The farmers are facing financial problem .

BC: It was later reopened.
AC: It was later reopened .

BC: If a husband fails to honor his wife, his relationship with Jehovah will be affected.
AC: If a husband fails to honor his wife , his relationship with Jehovah will be affected .

BC: Additionally, the partnership also offers the 'Buy Now Pay Later' EMI moratorium as well
AC: Additionally , the partnership also offers the ' Buy Now Pay Later ' EMI moratorium as well

BC: Because they...
AC: Because they ...

BC: Turkish (_Windows-1254)
AC: Turkish ( _ Windows-1254 )

BC: 43 crores.
AC: 43 crores .

BC: $1.27 billion
AC: $ 1.27 billion

BC: One encyclopedia says about this: The celebration was not observed in the first centuries of the Christian church, since the Christian usage in general was to celebrate the death of remarkable persons rather than their birth.
AC: One encyclopedia says about this : The celebration was not observed in the first centuries of the Christian church , since the Christian usage in general was to celebrate the death of remarkable persons rather than their birth .

BC: Kaul asked.
AC: Kaul asked .

BC: He has threatened me many times.
AC: He has threatened me many times .

BC: He said her death is an irreparable loss to the country.
AC: He said her death is an irreparable loss to the country .

BC: Such wisdom.
AC: Such wisdom .

BC: What caste?
AC: What caste ?

BC: """Despite growth being strong, overall, the investment climate was pretty weak,"" said Prachi Mishra, India Chief Economist, Goldman Sachs in a podcast wherein she discussed the drivers of India's economy."
AC: " " " Despite growth being strong , overall , the investment climate was pretty weak , " " said Prachi Mishra , India Chief Economist , Goldman Sachs in a podcast wherein she discussed the drivers of India 's economy . "

BC: What is governance?
AC: What is governance ?

BC: Infectious diseases remain the worlds leading cause of death. they will remain so for a long time to come, states the book Man and Microbes.
AC: Infectious diseases remain the worlds leading cause of death. they will remain so for a long time to come , states the book Man and Microbes .

BC: Millions of women and girls in India still face discrimination and health issues due to a lack of awareness surrounding menstruation.
AC: Millions of women and girls in India still face discrimination and health issues due to a lack of awareness surrounding menstruation .

BC: In other words, Jehovah welcomes those who follow the course that Adam and Eve rejected.
AC: In other words , Jehovah welcomes those who follow the course that Adam and Eve rejected .

BC: Her mother had died and her father married again.
AC: Her mother had died and her father married again .

BC: 12 crore has been made.
AC: 12 crore has been made .

BC: "The chief minister has also decided, to stay in New Delhi, if required for two, three days and also meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi, if necessary, to brief in detail about the necessity of Zonal system,"" it said"
AC: " The chief minister has also decided , to stay in New Delhi , if required for two , three days and also meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi , if necessary , to brief in detail about the necessity of Zonal system , " " it said "

BC: He also suggested that the government take steps towards it in conformity with the 1921 Convention that dealt with the same.
AC: He also suggested that the government take steps towards it in conformity with the 1921 Convention that dealt with the same .

BC: Dont come to Hyderabad to meet me: T Harish Rao
AC: Dont come to Hyderabad to meet me : T Harish Rao

BC: Car falls into gorge, one killed
AC: Car falls into gorge , one killed

BC: Who is the real killer?
AC: Who is the real killer ?

BC: The music is good too.
AC: The music is good too .

BC: But did not pay.
AC: But did not pay .

BC: Heres a top 10 list.
AC: Heres a top 10 list .

BC: A rape case has been filed against Uttarakhand BJP leader Harak Singh Rawat on the complaint of a woman.
AC: A rape case has been filed against Uttarakhand BJP leader Harak Singh Rawat on the complaint of a woman .

BC: Im extremely busy.
AC: Im extremely busy .

BC: My patriotism includes the good of mankind in general.
AC: My patriotism includes the good of mankind in general .

BC: This video was posted on Twitter.
AC: This video was posted on Twitter .

BC: There are three options.
AC: There are three options .

BC: Several others were also injured in the incident.
AC: Several others were also injured in the incident .

BC: A case was registered on the complaint of the brother of the deceased.
AC: A case was registered on the complaint of the brother of the deceased .

BC: It is not yet clear why the building collapsed.
AC: It is not yet clear why the building collapsed .

BC: His paternal grandfather, Raghupat Roy Kapur (or Raghupat Rai Kapoor), a Hindu of the Punjabi Khatri community, was a film producer.
AC: His paternal grandfather , Raghupat Roy Kapur ( or Raghupat Rai Kapoor ) , a Hindu of the Punjabi Khatri community , was a film producer .

BC: Music doesn't lie.
AC: Music doesn 't lie .

BC: Former finance minister P Chidambaram has been arrested by the CBI in this case.
AC: Former finance minister P Chidambaram has been arrested by the CBI in this case .

BC: Delhi Chief Secretary Anshu Prakash was allegedly assaulted by two Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) MLAs in presence of Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal at his residence on Monday
AC: Delhi Chief Secretary Anshu Prakash was allegedly assaulted by two Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP ) MLAs in presence of Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal at his residence on Monday

BC: We started so strong.
AC: We started so strong .

BC: However, the court rejected Rajashrees plea.
AC: However , the court rejected Rajashrees plea .

BC: Wash the tomatoes and halve.
AC: Wash the tomatoes and halve .

BC: The BJP denied the allegations.
AC: The BJP denied the allegations .

BC: Where to buy?
AC: Where to buy ?

BC: The marriage ended.
AC: The marriage ended .

BC: Massive protests have been ongoing in the North-East states.
AC: Massive protests have been ongoing in the North-East states .

BC: Tea is life.
AC: Tea is life .

BC: Police have arrested the accused in the case.
AC: Police have arrested the accused in the case .

BC: Lower slowly.
AC: Lower slowly .

BC: So, for a point particle is sigma Fi equal to 0 is sufficient. that is, if the forces on a particle all add up in a vector sum to 0. then, the particle is going to remain in a state of rest or uniform motion.
AC: So , for a point particle is sigma Fi equal to 0 is sufficient. that is , if the forces on a particle all add up in a vector sum to 0. then , the particle is going to remain in a state of rest or uniform motion .

BC: Entry into politics?
AC: Entry into politics ?

BC: What else interests you?
AC: What else interests you ?

BC: I am going to use the specific notation.
AC: I am going to use the specific notation .

BC: Was she forcibly fed?
AC: Was she forcibly fed ?

BC: Why are the data missing?
AC: Why are the data missing ?

BC: General David L. Goldfein, Chief of Staff of the US Air Force, is on an official visit to India.
AC: General David L. Goldfein , Chief of Staff of the US Air Force , is on an official visit to India .

BC: There are other favourable factors.
AC: There are other favourable factors .

BC: This is what a brother named Federico experienced.
AC: This is what a brother named Federico experienced .

BC: There are only four working days left for filing nominations.
AC: There are only four working days left for filing nominations .

BC: This is also one of the reasons for the slowdown in the automobile sector.
AC: This is also one of the reasons for the slowdown in the automobile sector .

BC: I was willing to do that to escape the horrors of the camp.
AC: I was willing to do that to escape the horrors of the camp .

BC: So when the beaker has a flat free surface, that is this is water, about it is air, then we know the depths being same, the pressures are identical.
AC: So when the beaker has a flat free surface , that is this is water , about it is air , then we know the depths being same , the pressures are identical .

BC: Meanwhile, the BJP had won 109 seats.
AC: Meanwhile , the BJP had won 109 seats .

BC: Clean hands immediately after gloves are removed.
AC: Clean hands immediately after gloves are removed .

BC: Both his parents were daily wageworkers.
AC: Both his parents were daily wageworkers .

BC: He said no employee has been sacked in his company.
AC: He said no employee has been sacked in his company .

BC: Whats the problem?
AC: Whats the problem ?

BC: It is also reported that several factory workers were stuck in the fire.
AC: It is also reported that several factory workers were stuck in the fire .

BC: Situation was brought under control by police.
AC: Situation was brought under control by police .

BC: How can we care?
AC: How can we care ?

BC: To help us to continue progressing, we will answer three key questions in this article: (1) What will help us to analyze the true state of our spirituality?
AC: To help us to continue progressing , we will answer three key questions in this article : ( 1 ) What will help us to analyze the true state of our spirituality ?

BC: (usually X)
AC: ( usually X )

BC: Thats a great success.
AC: Thats a great success .

BC: Fire force reached the spot and extinguished the fire.
AC: Fire force reached the spot and extinguished the fire .

BC: Last week, as much as Rs.
AC: Last week , as much as Rs.

BC: The driver, however, fled the spot after the accident, leaving the bus behind.
AC: The driver , however , fled the spot after the accident , leaving the bus behind .

BC: Success is imperative.
AC: Success is imperative .

BC: How has it improved?
AC: How has it improved ?

BC: Im not interested in the number game.
AC: Im not interested in the number game .

BC: AAP supporters celebrate outside the party office in Delhi.
AC: AAP supporters celebrate outside the party office in Delhi .

BC: The case of corona in the country is increasing every day.
AC: The case of corona in the country is increasing every day .

BC: She took over in Rajasthan from the Punjab governor, Shivraj Patil, who had been holding an additional charge of that state.
AC: She took over in Rajasthan from the Punjab governor , Shivraj Patil , who had been holding an additional charge of that state .

BC: People suffering from diabetes should take special care of their feet.
AC: People suffering from diabetes should take special care of their feet .

BC: Also, 59,166 patients have been cured in the state so far, as per latest report
AC: Also , 59,166 patients have been cured in the state so far , as per latest report

BC: Skipper Shreyas Iyer and Rishabh Pant then added 96 runs for the fourth-wicket stand.
AC: Skipper Shreyas Iyer and Rishabh Pant then added 96 runs for the fourth-wicket stand .

BC: However, only three convicts were executed over this period, one each in West Bengal (2004), Maharashtra (2012) and Delhi (2013)
AC: However , only three convicts were executed over this period , one each in West Bengal ( 2004 ) , Maharashtra ( 2012 ) and Delhi ( 2013 )

BC: It is a commercial film.
AC: It is a commercial film .

BC: Despite copious inflows into Srisailam and Nagarjuna Sagar reservoirs several rural areas in the State continue to face severe drinking water shortage.
AC: Despite copious inflows into Srisailam and Nagarjuna Sagar reservoirs several rural areas in the State continue to face severe drinking water shortage .

BC: PRAKASAM: In an unprecedented move, the Andhra Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission (APERC) served a show-cause notice to Prakasam district Collector Pola Bhaskar.
AC: PRAKASAM : In an unprecedented move , the Andhra Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission ( APERC ) served a show-cause notice to Prakasam district Collector Pola Bhaskar .

BC: PTSD (Post Traumatic Stress Disorder) can make a person behave in a weird way at times or might make a person feel depressed.
AC: PTSD ( Post Traumatic Stress Disorder ) can make a person behave in a weird way at times or might make a person feel depressed .

BC: Technical assistance.
AC: Technical assistance .

BC: India have already...
AC: India have already ...

BC: 2017 Maruti Suzuki Desert Storm: Sanjay Agarwal And CS Santosh Lead After Leg 2
AC: 2017 Maruti Suzuki Desert Storm : Sanjay Agarwal And CS Santosh Lead After Leg 2

BC: There are concerns about safety.
AC: There are concerns about safety .

BC: 500 crores.
AC: 500 crores .

BC: The technology was similar.
AC: The technology was similar .

BC: What kinds of questions?
AC: What kinds of questions ?

BC: An FIR has been lodged against unidentified people under relevant sections of the Wildlife Protection Act.
AC: An FIR has been lodged against unidentified people under relevant sections of the Wildlife Protection Act .

BC: I criticise.
AC: I criticise .

BC: This later gave rise to much disagreement between the two parties.
AC: This later gave rise to much disagreement between the two parties .

BC: For details: More than 3700 suggestions received for Bharat Padhe Online campaign in just 3 days HRD Minister Shri Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank had launched a week long Bharat Padhe Online campaign for Crowd sourcing of Ideas for Improving Online Education ecosystem of India on 10th April 2020.
AC: For details : More than 3700 suggestions received for Bharat Padhe Online campaign in just 3 days HRD Minister Shri Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank had launched a week long Bharat Padhe Online campaign for Crowd sourcing of Ideas for Improving Online Education ecosystem of India on 10th April 2020 .

BC: Dhoni has taken a break from international cricket after Indias painful exit from the World Cup semi-final in England.
AC: Dhoni has taken a break from international cricket after Indias painful exit from the World Cup semi-final in England .

BC: Its not difficult at all!
AC: Its not difficult at all !

BC: About 80 per cent of the films shooting has been completed so far.
AC: About 80 per cent of the films shooting has been completed so far .

BC: Waugh scored 173 runs.
AC: Waugh scored 173 runs .

BC: Haathi Mere Saathi starring Daggubati is helmed by ace Tamil director Prabhu Solomon.
AC: Haathi Mere Saathi starring Daggubati is helmed by ace Tamil director Prabhu Solomon .

BC: If we lack the wisdom to handle perplexing problems or trials, we need to keep on asking God, for he gives generously to all and without reproaching. James 1: 5 - 8.
AC: If we lack the wisdom to handle perplexing problems or trials , we need to keep on asking God , for he gives generously to all and without reproaching . James 1 : 5 - 8 .

BC: Later, she featured in Simmba and Love Aaj Kal.
AC: Later , she featured in Simmba and Love Aaj Kal .

BC: The most awaited motorcycle from Bajaj, the Kratos VS400 will be launched in India in November 2016
AC: The most awaited motorcycle from Bajaj , the Kratos VS400 will be launched in India in November 2016

BC: In the past, Rs.
AC: In the past , Rs.

BC: Usually, arthritis is treated with anti-inflammatory medications and painkillers.
AC: Usually , arthritis is treated with anti-inflammatory medications and painkillers .

BC: 'she laughs.
AC: 'she laughs .

BC: Uriah the Hittite, Zabad the son of Ahlai,
AC: Uriah the Hittite , Zabad the son of Ahlai ,

BC: Thats how the meeting ended.
AC: Thats how the meeting ended .

BC: Later I used it for a planter.
AC: Later I used it for a planter .

BC: This version consequently takes more time to play.
AC: This version consequently takes more time to play .

BC: However, he returned to India.
AC: However , he returned to India .

BC: Property prices are also rising.
AC: Property prices are also rising .

BC: "We will take an appropriate decision at the soonest."""
AC: " We will take an appropriate decision at the soonest . " " "

BC: His wife had passed away recently.
AC: His wife had passed away recently .

BC: In the modern - day fulfillment, the six men with smashing weapons represent Jesus heavenly armies with Jesus himself at the head.
AC: In the modern - day fulfillment , the six men with smashing weapons represent Jesus heavenly armies with Jesus himself at the head .

BC: Telangana and Andhra Pradesh Chief Ministers K Chandrasekhar Rao and N Chandrababu Naidu expressed shock over the incident.
AC: Telangana and Andhra Pradesh Chief Ministers K Chandrasekhar Rao and N Chandrababu Naidu expressed shock over the incident .

BC: Disclaimer: This article is intended for general information purposes only and should not be construed as investment or tax or legal advice.
AC: Disclaimer : This article is intended for general information purposes only and should not be construed as investment or tax or legal advice .

BC: Heres another thing.
AC: Heres another thing .

BC: Dil Raju is producing the film under Sri Venkateshwara Creations banner.
AC: Dil Raju is producing the film under Sri Venkateshwara Creations banner .

BC: The protestors set police vehicles and a government bus on fire.
AC: The protestors set police vehicles and a government bus on fire .

BC: Inequality increased.
AC: Inequality increased .

BC: There is no truth to these allegations.
AC: There is no truth to these allegations .

BC: It turned out to be a song.
AC: It turned out to be a song .

BC: 65 crores.
AC: 65 crores .

BC: But the film failed to impress the audiences.
AC: But the film failed to impress the audiences .

BC: The film is directed by V V Vinayak.
AC: The film is directed by V V Vinayak .

BC: Although there have been no more killings in North Delhi, yesterday (February 29) saw mobs of people in Central Delhi chanting the slogan that built up to the attacks: Desh ke Gaddaron ko, Goli maaron saalon ko.
AC: Although there have been no more killings in North Delhi , yesterday ( February 29 ) saw mobs of people in Central Delhi chanting the slogan that built up to the attacks : Desh ke Gaddaron ko , Goli maaron saalon ko .

BC: He has a one-track mind.
AC: He has a one-track mind .

BC: Cruise missiles can be categorized by size, speed (subsonic or supersonic), and range, and whether launched from land, air, surface ship, or submarine.
AC: Cruise missiles can be categorized by size , speed ( subsonic or supersonic ) , and range , and whether launched from land , air , surface ship , or submarine .

BC: Parking arrangements have also be made for the parking of the vehicles.
AC: Parking arrangements have also be made for the parking of the vehicles .

BC: He has also ordered a fire safety audit of schools, colleges and coaching centres across the state.
AC: He has also ordered a fire safety audit of schools , colleges and coaching centres across the state .

BC: The valleys of the mid-Sauer and Attert form the border between the Gutland and the Oesling.
AC: The valleys of the mid-Sauer and Attert form the border between the Gutland and the Oesling .

BC: Amazing author.
AC: Amazing author .

BC: She has two daughters.
AC: She has two daughters .

BC: But that is gone.
AC: But that is gone .

BC: One needs to remember that.
AC: One needs to remember that .

BC: Amit Shah: PM's Decision To Revoke Article 370. I Just Implemented
AC: Amit Shah : PM 's Decision To Revoke Article 370 . I Just Implemented

BC: Hows married life?
AC: Hows married life ?

BC: He was arrested after she approached the police.
AC: He was arrested after she approached the police .

BC: He has swallowed up death forever! The Lord Yahweh will wipe away tears from off all faces. He will take the reproach of his people away from off all the earth, for Yahweh has spoken it.
AC: He has swallowed up death forever ! The Lord Yahweh will wipe away tears from off all faces . He will take the reproach of his people away from off all the earth , for Yahweh has spoken it .

BC: But they have none to spare for patients.
AC: But they have none to spare for patients .

BC: We will invest Rs 40 crore.
AC: We will invest Rs 40 crore .

BC: Now I'd like to give you an example of just how we collect our data to monitor a changing ocean.
AC: Now I 'd like to give you an example of just how we collect our data to monitor a changing ocean .

BC: Its all gold.
AC: Its all gold .

BC: Is there anyone...?
AC: Is there anyone ... ?

BC: In a forest.
AC: In a forest .

BC: I have not talked about this.
AC: I have not talked about this .

BC: Papon ka paap?
AC: Papon ka paap ?

BC: Cities in India is already struggling with the water issue.
AC: Cities in India is already struggling with the water issue .

BC: But they dont yell.
AC: But they dont yell .

BC: Battles are fought on land, sea and air.
AC: Battles are fought on land , sea and air .

BC: """In excess of 10 people have been killed,"" RCMP Chief Superintendent Chris Leather said."
AC: " " " In excess of 10 people have been killed , " " RCMP Chief Superintendent Chris Leather said . "

BC: The security staff is worried.
AC: The security staff is worried .

BC: Questions arise.
AC: Questions arise .

BC: But is a post-poll alliance with the Congress possible?
AC: But is a post-poll alliance with the Congress possible ?

BC: This is done for two reasons.
AC: This is done for two reasons .

BC: The conference was held at Hyderabad.
AC: The conference was held at Hyderabad .

BC: Fit to Print.
AC: Fit to Print .

BC: But I dont think that they think there is such a way.
AC: But I dont think that they think there is such a way .

BC: Are you in line for a real inheritance?
AC: Are you in line for a real inheritance ?

BC: After its misfortunate announcement over pulling out of MWC was delivered, HMD Global went silent.
AC: After its misfortunate announcement over pulling out of MWC was delivered , HMD Global went silent .

BC: Seven fishermen on board the boat have been rescued.
AC: Seven fishermen on board the boat have been rescued .

BC: There are five assembly segments under Amethi Lok Sabha constituency Gauriganj, Amethi, Salon, Jagdishpur and Tiloi.
AC: There are five assembly segments under Amethi Lok Sabha constituency Gauriganj , Amethi , Salon , Jagdishpur and Tiloi .

BC: There is no compromise in this regard.
AC: There is no compromise in this regard .

BC: Neil Nitin Mukesh plays the antagonist.
AC: Neil Nitin Mukesh plays the antagonist .

BC: It was very hot.
AC: It was very hot .

BC: Nayanthara is in the US, spending time with boyfriend filmmaker Vignesh Shivn in New York.
AC: Nayanthara is in the US , spending time with boyfriend filmmaker Vignesh Shivn in New York .

BC: There are no doctors at a primary health center.
AC: There are no doctors at a primary health center .

BC: This is that time.
AC: This is that time .

BC: Mohan said.
AC: Mohan said .

BC: Russia has denied those allegations.
AC: Russia has denied those allegations .

BC: Joseph said.
AC: Joseph said .

BC: Its full of colours, tastes and smells.
AC: Its full of colours , tastes and smells .

BC: He was taken up for allegedly establishing relations with another woman with whom he is also said to have had a child.
AC: He was taken up for allegedly establishing relations with another woman with whom he is also said to have had a child .

BC: When we show or are shown unselfish love, our lives are enriched, being filled with joy and meaning.
AC: When we show or are shown unselfish love , our lives are enriched , being filled with joy and meaning .

BC: 400 crores.
AC: 400 crores .

BC: Schools and colleges have been shut.
AC: Schools and colleges have been shut .

BC: They are no aliens.
AC: They are no aliens .

BC: Superstar Mahesh Babu is gearing up for the release of his upcoming flick 'Sarileru Neekevvaru'.
AC: Superstar Mahesh Babu is gearing up for the release of his upcoming flick ' Sarileru Neekevvaru ' .

BC: BJP dismisses Congress' allegations
AC: BJP dismisses Congress ' allegations

BC: Netizens are furious over this incident.
AC: Netizens are furious over this incident .

BC: Hyderabad: Man kills two sons, ends life
AC: Hyderabad : Man kills two sons , ends life

BC: What does not work?
AC: What does not work ?

BC: The politics of Maharashtra is changing.
AC: The politics of Maharashtra is changing .

BC: It is near Jabalpur.
AC: It is near Jabalpur .

BC: you put in a lot of hard work.
AC: you put in a lot of hard work .

BC: Income increases.
AC: Income increases .

BC: Heat oven to 180oC.
AC: Heat oven to 180oC .

BC: Was the Gibeonite ruse just a means to avoid execution? On the contrary, it reflected a desire to have the favor of Israels God.
AC: Was the Gibeonite ruse just a means to avoid execution ? On the contrary , it reflected a desire to have the favor of Israels God .

BC: Create a password.
AC: Create a password .

BC: So that is to show that the solar cell acts as a receiver.
AC: So that is to show that the solar cell acts as a receiver .

BC: I have spoken to TDP leaders.
AC: I have spoken to TDP leaders .

BC: He immediately lodged a complaint with the police.
AC: He immediately lodged a complaint with the police .

BC: A boy.
AC: A boy .

BC: The state government has made a decision in this regard.
AC: The state government has made a decision in this regard .

BC: Kruger National Park (South Africa):Excellent child-friendly facilities in one of Africas greatest wildlife parks.
AC: Kruger National Park ( South Africa ) : Excellent child-friendly facilities in one of Africas greatest wildlife parks .

BC: Two witnesses failed to identify the accused.
AC: Two witnesses failed to identify the accused .

BC: Defence Minister Rajnath Singh and top military brass were briefed about the outbreak and they are keeping a close eye on the situation, the sources said.
AC: Defence Minister Rajnath Singh and top military brass were briefed about the outbreak and they are keeping a close eye on the situation , the sources said .

BC: 18 more deaths were reported.
AC: 18 more deaths were reported .

BC: It is a record in Indian history.
AC: It is a record in Indian history .

BC: "[citation needed] It derives its value by being declared by a government to be legal tender. that is, it must be accepted as a form of payment within the boundaries of the country, for ""all debts, public and private""."
AC: " [ citation needed ] It derives its value by being declared by a government to be legal tender. that is , it must be accepted as a form of payment within the boundaries of the country , for " " all debts , public and private " . " "

BC: The merger of the two parties had earlier sparked off a battle between Akhilesh Yadav and uncle Shivpal.
AC: The merger of the two parties had earlier sparked off a battle between Akhilesh Yadav and uncle Shivpal .

BC: Three bullets.
AC: Three bullets .

BC: They are friends.
AC: They are friends .

BC: That same year, we faced another important decision.
AC: That same year , we faced another important decision .

BC: One possibility is that inflammation in the lungs caused by smoking could have a knock-on effect in the intestine.
AC: One possibility is that inflammation in the lungs caused by smoking could have a knock-on effect in the intestine .

BC: Cast: Vivek Oberoi, Manoj Joshi, Zarina Wahab, Boman Irani and others.
AC: Cast : Vivek Oberoi , Manoj Joshi , Zarina Wahab , Boman Irani and others .

BC: This amendment prohibits employment of children below the age of 14 in any occupation whatsoever.
AC: This amendment prohibits employment of children below the age of 14 in any occupation whatsoever .

BC: On the day of the diamond's discovery the contract between the mining company and the syndicate of firms in London which purchased its diamonds expired.
AC: On the day of the diamond 's discovery the contract between the mining company and the syndicate of firms in London which purchased its diamonds expired .

BC: One of her dance videos on social media is creating a lot of buzz.
AC: One of her dance videos on social media is creating a lot of buzz .

BC: Six positive cases of the deadly Coronavirus have been reported in India so far.
AC: Six positive cases of the deadly Coronavirus have been reported in India so far .

BC: """The offence is serious."
AC: " " " The offence is serious . "

BC: The teaser of the film has already garnered a huge response.
AC: The teaser of the film has already garnered a huge response .

BC: 25 lakh were disbursed.
AC: 25 lakh were disbursed .

BC: There is a link between the two.
AC: There is a link between the two .

BC: We reserve the right to respond.
AC: We reserve the right to respond .

BC: The rest was history, as they say.
AC: The rest was history , as they say .

BC: There was firing at many places.
AC: There was firing at many places .

BC: Mahesh Babu is also a part of the film's production.
AC: Mahesh Babu is also a part of the film 's production .

BC: She is the founder of Oxford Odissi Centre that is involved in promotion and training of Odissi dance at University of Oxford and other leading institutions in the United Kingdom.
AC: She is the founder of Oxford Odissi Centre that is involved in promotion and training of Odissi dance at University of Oxford and other leading institutions in the United Kingdom .

BC: Action needs to be taken.
AC: Action needs to be taken .

BC: Farmers will not get minimum support price.
AC: Farmers will not get minimum support price .

BC: The girl parents lodged a complaint with the police.
AC: The girl parents lodged a complaint with the police .

BC: What benefits come from manifesting Christlike greatness? Many benefits come to you when you maintain a Christlike view of greatness.
AC: What benefits come from manifesting Christlike greatness ? Many benefits come to you when you maintain a Christlike view of greatness .

BC: Security has been increased to avoid any untoward incident.
AC: Security has been increased to avoid any untoward incident .

BC: He escapes.
AC: He escapes .

BC: And so, this is not to say that Python programmers are wrong, or there's something wrong with common Python style.
AC: And so , this is not to say that Python programmers are wrong , or there 's something wrong with common Python style .

BC: Indias GDP growth came down to hit a six-year-low in June quarter.
AC: Indias GDP growth came down to hit a six-year-low in June quarter .

BC: The dates and venues of the semi-final and final will be announced later.
AC: The dates and venues of the semi-final and final will be announced later .

BC: The he says.
AC: The he says .

BC: They have certain limitations.
AC: They have certain limitations .

BC: Two children were among the injured.
AC: Two children were among the injured .

BC: Honda X-Blade 160 BS6 Model To Launch Soon: Specs, Details And Expected Price
AC: Honda X-Blade 160 BS6 Model To Launch Soon : Specs , Details And Expected Price

BC: 200 crores.
AC: 200 crores .

BC: This app shows air quality data in over 60 countries including China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore and Vietnam.
AC: This app shows air quality data in over 60 countries including China , Hong Kong , Taiwan , Singapore and Vietnam .

BC: Religion, region, caste and creed do not matter.
AC: Religion , region , caste and creed do not matter .

BC: The staff are pleasant and considerate.
AC: The staff are pleasant and considerate .

BC: At about the same time, the Prussian 5th, 14th, and 16th Brigades were starting to push through Plancenoit, in the third assault of the day.
AC: At about the same time , the Prussian 5th , 14th , and 16th Brigades were starting to push through Plancenoit , in the third assault of the day .

BC: (Image - Rohit Sharma)
AC: ( Image - Rohit Sharma )

BC: What is known about the scribal profession in that early period?
AC: What is known about the scribal profession in that early period ?

BC: Upon completing school, Kalam pursued a physics degree at Saint Joseph's College in Tiruchirapalli.
AC: Upon completing school , Kalam pursued a physics degree at Saint Joseph 's College in Tiruchirapalli .

BC: We are not an assembled entity, but an organic entity, he asserted.
AC: We are not an assembled entity , but an organic entity , he asserted .

BC: Had no idea what he was talking about.
AC: Had no idea what he was talking about .

BC: How had this unhappy state of affairs come about?
AC: How had this unhappy state of affairs come about ?

BC: In La Porte, Todd.
AC: In La Porte , Todd .

BC: The video was shot by woman's neighbours on his mobile and uploaded it to the social media.
AC: The video was shot by woman 's neighbours on his mobile and uploaded it to the social media .

BC: Not all students are the same.
AC: Not all students are the same .

BC: The film is a complete entertainer.
AC: The film is a complete entertainer .

BC: Police were also killed.
AC: Police were also killed .

BC: He should be allowed to attend Parliament, Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad said.
AC: He should be allowed to attend Parliament , Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad said .

BC: The aspect of safety is of paramount importance while buying a car.
AC: The aspect of safety is of paramount importance while buying a car .

BC: circulation extending upto 7.6 km above mean sea level tilting southwestwards with height also persists.
AC: circulation extending upto 7.6 km above mean sea level tilting southwestwards with height also persists .

BC: But, it didnt.
AC: But , it didnt .

BC: Various recollections and interpretations were published in the 1950s and '60s, but Sonia saw the 1968 Collected Works as the record of his life.
AC: Various recollections and interpretations were published in the 1950s and ' 60s , but Sonia saw the 1968 Collected Works as the record of his life .

BC: Kartarpur corridor was inaugurated as part of the celebration to commemorate the 550th birth anniversary of Guru Nanak Dev.
AC: Kartarpur corridor was inaugurated as part of the celebration to commemorate the 550th birth anniversary of Guru Nanak Dev .

BC: He complained to the police immediately.
AC: He complained to the police immediately .

BC: 13 - 15. (a) How can we overcome racial and cultural differences?
AC: 13 - 15 . ( a ) How can we overcome racial and cultural differences ?

BC: This money cannot come from the government.
AC: This money cannot come from the government .

BC: The situation got worse.
AC: The situation got worse .

BC: Even as she approached death, Renee never lost sight of Jehovahs sovereignty.
AC: Even as she approached death , Renee never lost sight of Jehovahs sovereignty .

BC: Officials are investigating.
AC: Officials are investigating .

BC: 15 crore was realised.
AC: 15 crore was realised .

BC: The recovery rate, however, is 60 per cent.
AC: The recovery rate , however , is 60 per cent .

BC: Police have seized the vehicle and started investigation.
AC: Police have seized the vehicle and started investigation .

BC: A decision in this regard is likely to be taken soon.
AC: A decision in this regard is likely to be taken soon .

BC: Deputy commissioner, Itanagar Capital Region issues guidelines for truck drivers entering in the state of Arunachal. Drivers carrying negative test report (not older than five days) will be permitted to enter.
AC: Deputy commissioner , Itanagar Capital Region issues guidelines for truck drivers entering in the state of Arunachal . Drivers carrying negative test report ( not older than five days ) will be permitted to enter .

BC: The building has been constructed at the cost of Rs 10 crore.
AC: The building has been constructed at the cost of Rs 10 crore .

BC: Ayushmann Khurrana won the best actor National award for his performance in the Andhadhun.
AC: Ayushmann Khurrana won the best actor National award for his performance in the Andhadhun .

BC: [82]This nation is abided by rules,and living differentiality,low excretional quantities,reusing the wastages and reusing the power avilable and other agreements and it is helping for the development doing in the world.
AC: [ 82 ] This nation is abided by rules , and living differentiality , low excretional quantities , reusing the wastages and reusing the power avilable and other agreements and it is helping for the development doing in the world .

BC: Why, though, is poverty permitted to exist now?
AC: Why , though , is poverty permitted to exist now ?

BC: He said that social distancing is the only way to keep coronavirus away.
AC: He said that social distancing is the only way to keep coronavirus away .

BC: Prabhas's new movie
AC: Prabhas 's new movie

BC: The BCCI has contributed Rs 51 crore to PM Relief fund.
AC: The BCCI has contributed Rs 51 crore to PM Relief fund .

BC: It's feminine and unique.
AC: It 's feminine and unique .

BC: 130 crore.
AC: 130 crore .

BC: Cyrus strategy enabled his troops to enter the city along the riverbed.
AC: Cyrus strategy enabled his troops to enter the city along the riverbed .

BC: But BJP's ideology is opposed to all this.
AC: But BJP 's ideology is opposed to all this .

BC: Not a lot of people.
AC: Not a lot of people .

BC: Are you interested in vegetable farming?
AC: Are you interested in vegetable farming ?

BC: The accident happened on the Aurangabad-Jalna railway line under the limits of Karmad police station in the city, and cops and the Railway Police Force have rushed to the spot.
AC: The accident happened on the Aurangabad-Jalna railway line under the limits of Karmad police station in the city , and cops and the Railway Police Force have rushed to the spot .

BC: Also we have to take care of the children.
AC: Also we have to take care of the children .

BC: Why does it come?
AC: Why does it come ?

BC: Sperian Protection.
AC: Sperian Protection .

BC: However, that happiness didnt last for long.
AC: However , that happiness didnt last for long .

BC: Of the cases reported in the state, a majority have come from Mumbai.
AC: Of the cases reported in the state , a majority have come from Mumbai .

BC: Vitamin-C rich oranges can help in reducing stress hormones and also strengthen the immune system.
AC: Vitamin-C rich oranges can help in reducing stress hormones and also strengthen the immune system .

BC: Maruti Suzuki has launched a new 'Smart Finance' service in the country
AC: Maruti Suzuki has launched a new ' Smart Finance ' service in the country

BC: The report pointed out connectivity and signal issues as the most prevailing problems faced by students while attending online classes.
AC: The report pointed out connectivity and signal issues as the most prevailing problems faced by students while attending online classes .

BC: Will he say Modi will lose 2019 Lok Sabha elections?
AC: Will he say Modi will lose 2019 Lok Sabha elections ?

BC: The accused allegedly threatened to post the video on social media.
AC: The accused allegedly threatened to post the video on social media .

BC: Those present there burst into laughter.
AC: Those present there burst into laughter .

BC: What is science?
AC: What is science ?

BC: Former Advocate General Prakash Reddy was appointed as a special advocate for this case.
AC: Former Advocate General Prakash Reddy was appointed as a special advocate for this case .

BC: Chidambaram then appealed against that Delhi high court judgment to the Supreme Court.
AC: Chidambaram then appealed against that Delhi high court judgment to the Supreme Court .

BC: The family members of the patient ransacked the hospital in a fit of rage.
AC: The family members of the patient ransacked the hospital in a fit of rage .

BC: The final decision is to be taken by the CM.
AC: The final decision is to be taken by the CM .

BC: Fee can be paid online, through Net banking, Credit Card & Debit Card.
AC: Fee can be paid online , through Net banking , Credit Card & Debit Card .

BC: Not a word said.
AC: Not a word said .

BC: Pooja Hegde plays the leading lady.
AC: Pooja Hegde plays the leading lady .

BC: A model already exists.
AC: A model already exists .

BC: He realized, too, that in order to benefit from his newly found knowledge about the Christ, he must do something to rectify his life course. Romans 2: 4. Ephesians 4: 24.
AC: He realized , too , that in order to benefit from his newly found knowledge about the Christ , he must do something to rectify his life course . Romans 2 : 4 . Ephesians 4 : 24 .

BC: Avoid food that makes you gassy.
AC: Avoid food that makes you gassy .

BC: All the livelong day.
AC: All the livelong day .

BC: The video has been circulated widely.
AC: The video has been circulated widely .

BC: Relations between the BJP-Sena will always remain sweet, said Finance Minister Sudhir Mungantiwar after the cabinet meeting.
AC: Relations between the BJP-Sena will always remain sweet , said Finance Minister Sudhir Mungantiwar after the cabinet meeting .

BC: In what sense can Noahs ministry be called a success, and how can the same be said of your preaching work?
AC: In what sense can Noahs ministry be called a success , and how can the same be said of your preaching work ?

BC: 99,300 crore budget.
AC: 99,300 crore budget .

BC: Post Name: Management Trainees
AC: Post Name : Management Trainees

BC: He has millions of followers on social media.
AC: He has millions of followers on social media .

BC: India is beset with multiple problems.
AC: India is beset with multiple problems .

BC: Tara Sutaria recently shared a dazzling picture of herself on her Instagram handle.
AC: Tara Sutaria recently shared a dazzling picture of herself on her Instagram handle .

BC: He also spoke to the media on the occasion.
AC: He also spoke to the media on the occasion .

BC: Why cant it be?
AC: Why cant it be ?

BC: Mohammed Azam, Talha Ismail and Mohammed Salman all from Hyderabad were travelling with their friend Mohammed Bashir to his home in Handikera village.
AC: Mohammed Azam , Talha Ismail and Mohammed Salman all from Hyderabad were travelling with their friend Mohammed Bashir to his home in Handikera village .

BC: His birth-name was Rama Varma.
AC: His birth-name was Rama Varma .

BC: This is under discussion.
AC: This is under discussion .

BC: First, the water.
AC: First , the water .

BC: Avoid alcohol and caffeine.
AC: Avoid alcohol and caffeine .

BC: The case, which initially was filed by a forest official, was later dragged to a Bhuj court in 2000 by an RTI activistAmit Jethava
AC: The case , which initially was filed by a forest official , was later dragged to a Bhuj court in 2000 by an RTI activistAmit Jethava

BC: Arjun Ram Meghwal - Minister of State in the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs. and Minister of State in the Ministry of Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises.
AC: Arjun Ram Meghwal - Minister of State in the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs. and Minister of State in the Ministry of Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises .

BC: They do vote-bank politics.
AC: They do vote-bank politics .

BC: Eating cashew nuts is good for health.
AC: Eating cashew nuts is good for health .

BC: All that has started off.
AC: All that has started off .

BC: Produced under Sithara Entertainments, the film had music scored by Anirudh Ravichander.
AC: Produced under Sithara Entertainments , the film had music scored by Anirudh Ravichander .

BC: Cinematography is another big plus in the movie.
AC: Cinematography is another big plus in the movie .

BC: The BJP has never ruled Haryana on its own.
AC: The BJP has never ruled Haryana on its own .

BC: For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel. The daughter of Babylon is like a threshingfloor, it is time to thresh her: yet a little while, and the time of her harvest shall come.
AC: For thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel . The daughter of Babylon is like a threshingfloor , it is time to thresh her : yet a little while , and the time of her harvest shall come .

BC: Thats an unfortunate outcome.
AC: Thats an unfortunate outcome .

BC: It is raining.
AC: It is raining .

BC: An activist of Pashtun Protection Movement or PTM has alleged Pakistan Army for backing the Taliban and using them against India and Afghanistan.
AC: An activist of Pashtun Protection Movement or PTM has alleged Pakistan Army for backing the Taliban and using them against India and Afghanistan .

BC: Some accused persons have been arrested so far.
AC: Some accused persons have been arrested so far .

BC: Can we not work together?
AC: Can we not work together ?

BC: No one else knows.
AC: No one else knows .

BC: Its cheaper and easier.
AC: Its cheaper and easier .

BC: In a bid to reduce the burden on common man, the states of Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, West Bengal and Rajasthan have cut down the fuel prices in the state.
AC: In a bid to reduce the burden on common man , the states of Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka , West Bengal and Rajasthan have cut down the fuel prices in the state .

BC: It all depends on the perception of a person.
AC: It all depends on the perception of a person .

BC: This does not mean that it is irrelevant.
AC: This does not mean that it is irrelevant .

BC: We used to meet there occasionally.
AC: We used to meet there occasionally .

BC: Justice is with us.
AC: Justice is with us .

BC: He is the youngest of their four children.
AC: He is the youngest of their four children .

BC: The farmers have been protesting against the Centre's new agri-marketing laws.
AC: The farmers have been protesting against the Centre 's new agri-marketing laws .

BC: However, it doesnt have to be that way.
AC: However , it doesnt have to be that way .

BC: These is a very easy to understand musicians.
AC: These is a very easy to understand musicians .

BC: He was sentenced to three years imprisonment.
AC: He was sentenced to three years imprisonment .

BC: Also, it keeps your skin healthy.
AC: Also , it keeps your skin healthy .

BC: The constitution provides for it.
AC: The constitution provides for it .

BC: Our team worked hard.
AC: Our team worked hard .

BC: However, the look of it is beautiful.
AC: However , the look of it is beautiful .

BC: National Disaster Response Force & State Disaster Response Force teams have been deployed for rescue services in flood affected areas.
AC: National Disaster Response Force & State Disaster Response Force teams have been deployed for rescue services in flood affected areas .

BC: What is deposit insurance?
AC: What is deposit insurance ?

BC: What is the food?
AC: What is the food ?

BC: The government has no data on this.
AC: The government has no data on this .

BC: The PF subscribers can submit the correction requests online.
AC: The PF subscribers can submit the correction requests online .

BC: Shraddha Kapoor is the female lead in Prabhas-starrer Saaho.
AC: Shraddha Kapoor is the female lead in Prabhas-starrer Saaho .

BC: His wife is at home.
AC: His wife is at home .

BC: Batting first, England finished with 305/8 in 50 overs.
AC: Batting first , England finished with 305 / 8 in 50 overs .

BC: The Golden Temple, one of the famous temples of the Tabo Monastery complex, gets its name from the legend
AC: The Golden Temple , one of the famous temples of the Tabo Monastery complex , gets its name from the legend

BC: The areas of North Bihar, in particular, which were deprived of development for decades, have got a new momentum for development
AC: The areas of North Bihar , in particular , which were deprived of development for decades , have got a new momentum for development

BC: It's not an appropriate tweet.
AC: It 's not an appropriate tweet .

BC: Not sleeping well?
AC: Not sleeping well ?

BC: She had not returned by the evening.
AC: She had not returned by the evening .

BC: Apart from Malayalam, he has acted in Tamil, Kannada, Hindi and Telugu movies as well.
AC: Apart from Malayalam , he has acted in Tamil , Kannada , Hindi and Telugu movies as well .

BC: Hyderabad: Official spokesman of the YSR Congress party Ambati Rambabu stated that the nexus between Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu and former joint director of the Central Bureau of investigation, VV Lakshminarayana was now exposed
AC: Hyderabad : Official spokesman of the YSR Congress party Ambati Rambabu stated that the nexus between Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu and former joint director of the Central Bureau of investigation , VV Lakshminarayana was now exposed

BC: This is a problem with the BJP leaders.
AC: This is a problem with the BJP leaders .

BC: It was edited by Nidudavolu Venkatarao and Ponangi Srirama Apparao.
AC: It was edited by Nidudavolu Venkatarao and Ponangi Srirama Apparao .

BC: High blood pressure (gestational hypertension)
AC: High blood pressure ( gestational hypertension )

BC: So we decided to meet there.
AC: So we decided to meet there .

BC: He trusted in Yahweh, the God of Israel. so that after him was none like him among all the kings of Judah, nor among them that were before him.
AC: He trusted in Yahweh , the God of Israel. so that after him was none like him among all the kings of Judah , nor among them that were before him .

BC: Being part of a house ensures that girls are connected across year levels.
AC: Being part of a house ensures that girls are connected across year levels .

BC: The authorities are probing the cause of the fire.
AC: The authorities are probing the cause of the fire .

BC: Every colour has a variation.
AC: Every colour has a variation .

BC: "[citation needed] In Indian cuisine the seed pods are called ""moongra"" or ""mogri"" and can be used in many dishes."
AC: " [ citation needed ] In Indian cuisine the seed pods are called " " moongra " " or " " mogri " " and can be used in many dishes . "

BC: How does this feature work?
AC: How does this feature work ?

BC: On the other side, Technology giant Microsoft is in advance talks to buy Tiktoks US operations.
AC: On the other side , Technology giant Microsoft is in advance talks to buy Tiktoks US operations .

BC: NIC is no exception.
AC: NIC is no exception .

BC: There isnt a chance.
AC: There isnt a chance .

BC: Police have made elaborate security arrangements in the temple areas.
AC: Police have made elaborate security arrangements in the temple areas .

BC: Is it not!
AC: Is it not !

BC: Executive MBA (Evening) at IIT Delhi
AC: Executive MBA ( Evening ) at IIT Delhi

BC: The first category of athletes who will be considered are those who have represented India at recognised international competitions under a recognised NSF or association.
AC: The first category of athletes who will be considered are those who have represented India at recognised international competitions under a recognised NSF or association .

BC: up to 100.
AC: up to 100 .

BC: That, too, is debatable.
AC: That , too , is debatable .

BC: A new government came in.
AC: A new government came in .

BC: The workers were arrested.
AC: The workers were arrested .

BC: I am innocent!
AC: I am innocent !

BC: This has made social media users angry.
AC: This has made social media users angry .

BC: Read further details.
AC: Read further details .

BC: The locals captured photos and videos of the incident, further sharing them on social media.
AC: The locals captured photos and videos of the incident , further sharing them on social media .

BC: BSF troops retaliated to Pakistani firing, they said.
AC: BSF troops retaliated to Pakistani firing , they said .

BC: Being helmed by Boyapati Srinu, the film Vinaya Vidheya Rama stars Ram Charan and Kiara Advani in the lead roles.
AC: Being helmed by Boyapati Srinu , the film Vinaya Vidheya Rama stars Ram Charan and Kiara Advani in the lead roles .

BC: I have a lot to achieve yet.
AC: I have a lot to achieve yet .

BC: Those things are discussed.
AC: Those things are discussed .

BC: This is his second feature film as director and co-screenwriter.
AC: This is his second feature film as director and co-screenwriter .

BC: By not giving up, however, we can prove that we are the sort that have faith to the preserving alive of the soul. Hebrews 10: 39.
AC: By not giving up , however , we can prove that we are the sort that have faith to the preserving alive of the soul . Hebrews 10 : 39 .

BC: She is a big fan of Aamir Khan.
AC: She is a big fan of Aamir Khan .

BC: He hasnt been married.
AC: He hasnt been married .

BC: Who will lead?
AC: Who will lead ?

BC: During the lockdown period till the 20th April 2020, around 1.8 Crore Post Office Saving Banks transactions with a value of Rs.28000 Crores apart from IPPB transactions numbering 84 lakhs with a value of Rs.2100 Crores have been carried out
AC: During the lockdown period till the 20th April 2020 , around 1.8 Crore Post Office Saving Banks transactions with a value of Rs.28000 Crores apart from IPPB transactions numbering 84 lakhs with a value of Rs.2100 Crores have been carried out

BC: BJP Lok Sabha MP and president of BJP West Bengal unit Dilip Ghosh claimed that the milk of Indian cows contains gold.
AC: BJP Lok Sabha MP and president of BJP West Bengal unit Dilip Ghosh claimed that the milk of Indian cows contains gold .

BC: I dont care for the parties.
AC: I dont care for the parties .

BC: But after that there were no options.
AC: But after that there were no options .

BC: This incident has become a sensation in the two Telugu states.
AC: This incident has become a sensation in the two Telugu states .

BC: Chromium(III) oxide (or chromia) is an inorganic compound with the formula Cr2O3.
AC: Chromium ( III ) oxide ( or chromia ) is an inorganic compound with the formula Cr2O3 .

BC: Her parents work at a private hospital in Hyderabad.
AC: Her parents work at a private hospital in Hyderabad .

BC: The surprise checks were conducted at Kanaka Durgamma Varadhi, the Pottipadu toll plaza, the Garikapadu checkpost and the Keesara toll plaza.
AC: The surprise checks were conducted at Kanaka Durgamma Varadhi , the Pottipadu toll plaza , the Garikapadu checkpost and the Keesara toll plaza .

BC: Later, Jesus related a parable of a man who had been set upon by robbers during his journey from Jerusalem to Jericho.
AC: Later , Jesus related a parable of a man who had been set upon by robbers during his journey from Jerusalem to Jericho .

BC: Children shiver.
AC: Children shiver .

BC: However, these extreme odds pale in comparison before the steely resolve and indomitable will of the Hon'ble Chief Minister Sri. Y.S. Jagan Mohan Reddy Garu.
AC: However , these extreme odds pale in comparison before the steely resolve and indomitable will of the Hon 'ble Chief Minister Sri . Y.S. Jagan Mohan Reddy Garu .

BC: When will we come out?
AC: When will we come out ?

BC: 500 is being charged.
AC: 500 is being charged .

BC: Im clear on that.
AC: Im clear on that .

BC: Police has registered a case and is investigating the incident.
AC: Police has registered a case and is investigating the incident .

BC: I've done it a lot.
AC: I 've done it a lot .

BC: """The number of positive cases is going up daily."
AC: " " " The number of positive cases is going up daily . "

BC: Thats the answer to this question.
AC: Thats the answer to this question .

BC: Internet services, mobile phones and landline services were suspended.
AC: Internet services , mobile phones and landline services were suspended .

BC: Everyone should work together.
AC: Everyone should work together .

BC: Stylish Star Allu Arjun and the Wizard of words Thrivikram Srinivas coming together for one more time.
AC: Stylish Star Allu Arjun and the Wizard of words Thrivikram Srinivas coming together for one more time .

BC: This is their third movie together.
AC: This is their third movie together .

BC: Opposition Leader Siddharamaiah, KPCC President Dinesh Gundu Rao, ex-Deputy CM Dr. G. Parameshwara and former Minister D.K.
AC: Opposition Leader Siddharamaiah , KPCC President Dinesh Gundu Rao , ex-Deputy CM Dr. G. Parameshwara and former Minister D.K.

BC: The leaders of the two parties are taking jibes at each other.
AC: The leaders of the two parties are taking jibes at each other .

BC: But we have to wait for a few more days to get clarity on this.
AC: But we have to wait for a few more days to get clarity on this .

BC: To make this smoothie, youll need:
AC: To make this smoothie , youll need :

BC: 2 lakh in cash.
AC: 2 lakh in cash .

BC: He also said that BJP is demanding presidential rule in the state.
AC: He also said that BJP is demanding presidential rule in the state .

BC: The father lodged a complaint with the police.
AC: The father lodged a complaint with the police .

BC: Her husband was not there.
AC: Her husband was not there .

BC: He, however, declined to divulge details.
AC: He , however , declined to divulge details .

BC: Chandragupta's empire also built mines, manufacturing centres, and networks for trading goods.
AC: Chandragupta 's empire also built mines , manufacturing centres , and networks for trading goods .

BC: Are there any alternatives?
AC: Are there any alternatives ?

BC: One is right there in the village.
AC: One is right there in the village .

BC: You only have two.
AC: You only have two .

BC: They are captivating.
AC: They are captivating .

BC: Mushrooms are rich in nutrients.
AC: Mushrooms are rich in nutrients .

BC: Mumbai: A wedding is a memorable day in everyone's life.
AC: Mumbai : A wedding is a memorable day in everyone 's life .

BC: 350 crores.
AC: 350 crores .

BC: In-charge Collector Venkatram Reddy, Additional Collector R Anjaiah, MLAs S Ravi Shankar and R Balakishan, Rythu Bandhu Samiti president G Narsaiah, District Libraries department chairman A Shankaraiah, SES chairman D Lakshma Reddy, RDO T Srinivas were present along with others.
AC: In-charge Collector Venkatram Reddy , Additional Collector R Anjaiah , MLAs S Ravi Shankar and R Balakishan , Rythu Bandhu Samiti president G Narsaiah , District Libraries department chairman A Shankaraiah , SES chairman D Lakshma Reddy , RDO T Srinivas were present along with others .

BC: 72 crore worth assets.
AC: 72 crore worth assets .

BC: Delhi High Court's Justice Hima Kohli has been elevated as Chief Justice of the Telangana High Court.
AC: Delhi High Court 's Justice Hima Kohli has been elevated as Chief Justice of the Telangana High Court .

BC: _First Page
AC: _ First Page

BC: Pawan Kalyan and Trivikram Srinivas are jointly producing the movie.
AC: Pawan Kalyan and Trivikram Srinivas are jointly producing the movie .

BC: Take a rectangular piece of paper.
AC: Take a rectangular piece of paper .

BC: It's not disrespect.
AC: It 's not disrespect .

BC: Rajendra Prasad, Prakash Raj, VIjayashanthi and others played the key roles in the movie.
AC: Rajendra Prasad , Prakash Raj , VIjayashanthi and others played the key roles in the movie .

BC: 25 lakh were disbursed.
AC: 25 lakh were disbursed .

BC: Few survive.
AC: Few survive .

BC: "In the context of review of working and performance of autonomous institutes, Expenditure Management Commission recommended, inter-alia, that- ""Organisations with similar objectives can be considered for merger to encourage synergy in operations and reduction in cost""."
AC: " In the context of review of working and performance of autonomous institutes , Expenditure Management Commission recommended , inter-alia , that- " " Organisations with similar objectives can be considered for merger to encourage synergy in operations and reduction in cost " . " "

BC: Overcoming a Common Obstacle to Confidence in Jehovah 4, 5.
AC: Overcoming a Common Obstacle to Confidence in Jehovah 4 , 5 .

BC: Prices of petrol in Delhi touched Rs 76.24/litre
AC: Prices of petrol in Delhi touched Rs 76.24 / litre

BC: It isnt profitable yet.
AC: It isnt profitable yet .

BC: That too was a huge success.
AC: That too was a huge success .

BC: All great wisdoms will be known by your mind.
AC: All great wisdoms will be known by your mind .

BC: They cant think that they can do.
AC: They cant think that they can do .

BC: The precious stone found by Yadav can fetch around Rs 30 lakh in the market, local diamond inspector Anupam Singh said.
AC: The precious stone found by Yadav can fetch around Rs 30 lakh in the market , local diamond inspector Anupam Singh said .

BC: Drinking water in the morning is considered to be very good for health.
AC: Drinking water in the morning is considered to be very good for health .

BC: Family Business: 5053.
AC: Family Business : 5053 .

BC: However, after depositing Rs.
AC: However , after depositing Rs.

BC: Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman presented the Union Budget 2020-21.
AC: Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman presented the Union Budget 2020-21 .

BC: If so, do it.
AC: If so , do it .

BC: The police has registered a murder case on the complaint of the deceaseds son.
AC: The police has registered a murder case on the complaint of the deceaseds son .

BC: Earlier Governments have destroyed the education system at Government schools by giving more importance to private schools.
AC: Earlier Governments have destroyed the education system at Government schools by giving more importance to private schools .

BC: Why are you upset?
AC: Why are you upset ?

BC: Spotted deers, tigers, leopards, wild dogs, gaur and bears are also seen in these forests.
AC: Spotted deers , tigers , leopards , wild dogs , gaur and bears are also seen in these forests .

BC: The recently launched intriguing trailer of the film, has been loved by the audiences and has created immense buzz and anticipation for the film.
AC: The recently launched intriguing trailer of the film , has been loved by the audiences and has created immense buzz and anticipation for the film .

BC: Commerce Minister Piyush Goyal and Agriculture Minister Narendra Singh Tomar were among the ministers who attended the meeting.
AC: Commerce Minister Piyush Goyal and Agriculture Minister Narendra Singh Tomar were among the ministers who attended the meeting .

BC: What do you say about him?
AC: What do you say about him ?

BC: Key ones are as follows:
AC: Key ones are as follows :

BC: It also comes with four cameras at the back.
AC: It also comes with four cameras at the back .

BC: It comes in Blue, Grey and Black colour options.
AC: It comes in Blue , Grey and Black colour options .

BC: Despite slowdown in global economy, he said, India is growing rapidly.
AC: Despite slowdown in global economy , he said , India is growing rapidly .

BC: None of the promises made by TRS Government has been fulfilled.
AC: None of the promises made by TRS Government has been fulfilled .

BC: Cash worth lakhs and mobiles phones were seized.
AC: Cash worth lakhs and mobiles phones were seized .

BC: Spread over an area of 9,600 hectares, Chandra Prabha Wildlife Sanctuary is situated on the hillocks of Vijaygarh and Naugarh in the Vindhya Range in Chandauli in Uttar Pradesh
AC: Spread over an area of 9,600 hectares , Chandra Prabha Wildlife Sanctuary is situated on the hillocks of Vijaygarh and Naugarh in the Vindhya Range in Chandauli in Uttar Pradesh

BC: According to media reports, ...
AC: According to media reports , ...

BC: He has a wife, two sons and two daughters.
AC: He has a wife , two sons and two daughters .

BC: Nobody can deny this historic fact.
AC: Nobody can deny this historic fact .

BC: Meanwhile, the flagship Karizma ZMR is also powered with the same 223cc engine
AC: Meanwhile , the flagship Karizma ZMR is also powered with the same 223cc engine

BC: They are being threatened.
AC: They are being threatened .

BC: Let us look at their history.
AC: Let us look at their history .

BC: Its the fat.
AC: Its the fat .

BC: This will lead to timely treatments, improvements in health outcomes, patient satisfaction, improvement in productivity and efficiency, job creation thus leading to improvement in quality of life.
AC: This will lead to timely treatments , improvements in health outcomes , patient satisfaction , improvement in productivity and efficiency , job creation thus leading to improvement in quality of life .

BC: So its a little bit stressful.
AC: So its a little bit stressful .

BC: This has three parts.
AC: This has three parts .

BC: Theres still much to be done.
AC: Theres still much to be done .

BC: What of the person in the photograph?
AC: What of the person in the photograph ?

BC: The forthcoming movie is jointly produced by People Media Factory and Abhishek Agarwal Arts.
AC: The forthcoming movie is jointly produced by People Media Factory and Abhishek Agarwal Arts .

BC: A large number of children, youngsters and old-age persons took part in the ceremony.
AC: A large number of children , youngsters and old-age persons took part in the ceremony .

BC: Are you not a Hindu kafir?
AC: Are you not a Hindu kafir ?

BC: Rs 2,700 onwards.
AC: Rs 2,700 onwards .

BC: As a result, a sprain occurs.
AC: As a result , a sprain occurs .

BC: He left the BJP to form his own party called Karnataka Janata Paksha (KJP).
AC: He left the BJP to form his own party called Karnataka Janata Paksha ( KJP ) .

BC: India is one nation of many States.
AC: India is one nation of many States .

BC: What is surveillance?
AC: What is surveillance ?

BC: It has still not been implemented.
AC: It has still not been implemented .

BC: A complaint with the police was also lodged.
AC: A complaint with the police was also lodged .

BC: get away!
AC: get away !

BC: Bus driver fled leaving the bus.
AC: Bus driver fled leaving the bus .

BC: Application: Apply offline
AC: Application : Apply offline

BC: In the meeting...
AC: In the meeting ...

BC: You get an opportunity after a long time.
AC: You get an opportunity after a long time .

BC: Thousands more have been imprisoned.
AC: Thousands more have been imprisoned .

BC: But they also succumbed later.
AC: But they also succumbed later .

BC: Kejriwal has also extended invitation to Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the oath ceremony.
AC: Kejriwal has also extended invitation to Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the oath ceremony .

BC: His father survived him.
AC: His father survived him .

BC: About 1991, I realized after analyzing my situation that the best way to avoid giving in to self - pity was to keep busy in sharing the precious Kingdom good news with others.
AC: About 1991 , I realized after analyzing my situation that the best way to avoid giving in to self - pity was to keep busy in sharing the precious Kingdom good news with others .

BC: In what way was due recognition given at the time of Jesus birth and when he was taken to the temple 40 days later?
AC: In what way was due recognition given at the time of Jesus birth and when he was taken to the temple 40 days later ?

BC: The reasons are not known.
AC: The reasons are not known .

BC: Health department officials said.
AC: Health department officials said .

BC: This is indeed funny.
AC: This is indeed funny .

BC: We asked them what they were doing.
AC: We asked them what they were doing .

BC: Musk last month surpassed Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates to become the second-richest person in the world.
AC: Musk last month surpassed Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates to become the second-richest person in the world .

BC: Tickets are available online.
AC: Tickets are available online .

BC: But that didn't yield him much success.
AC: But that didn 't yield him much success .

BC: Christianity is the predominant religion.
AC: Christianity is the predominant religion .

BC: The awardees were selected from a large number of nominations by a selection committee consisting of former Olympians, Arjuna Awardees, Dronacharya Awardees, Dhyan Chand Awardees, sports journalists, experts, commentators and sports administrators.
AC: The awardees were selected from a large number of nominations by a selection committee consisting of former Olympians , Arjuna Awardees , Dronacharya Awardees , Dhyan Chand Awardees , sports journalists , experts , commentators and sports administrators .

BC: Enjoy the day.
AC: Enjoy the day .

BC: Stand by them.
AC: Stand by them .

BC: Bandla Ganesh was the producer of the film.
AC: Bandla Ganesh was the producer of the film .

BC: In a democracy, people are the ultimate deciders.
AC: In a democracy , people are the ultimate deciders .

BC: Three persons were injured in the accident.
AC: Three persons were injured in the accident .

BC: Elections to all 81 seats in the Jharkhand Assembly are being held in five phases.
AC: Elections to all 81 seats in the Jharkhand Assembly are being held in five phases .

BC: The BJP government is committed to national security.
AC: The BJP government is committed to national security .

BC: Prime Minister Modi's schedule for the day:
AC: Prime Minister Modi 's schedule for the day :

BC: The 6GB+128GB model is priced at Rs 22,999.
AC: The 6GB + 128GB model is priced at Rs 22,999 .

BC: 82 crore.
AC: 82 crore .

BC: This got him thinking.
AC: This got him thinking .

BC: The Tamil Nadu government has challenged a Madras High Court order asking the agency to investigate the case.
AC: The Tamil Nadu government has challenged a Madras High Court order asking the agency to investigate the case .

BC: They said they will continue their agitation until their demands are met.
AC: They said they will continue their agitation until their demands are met .

BC: There was acute scarcity of drinking water when the flood hit the district.
AC: There was acute scarcity of drinking water when the flood hit the district .

BC: A win in the Trump match of its choice gives a team two points.
AC: A win in the Trump match of its choice gives a team two points .

BC: It is a big budget film.
AC: It is a big budget film .

BC: Man Cub?
AC: Man Cub ?

BC: He asked what had happened.
AC: He asked what had happened .

BC: The movie was shot at various locations in Mumbai.
AC: The movie was shot at various locations in Mumbai .

BC: He is survived by wife, a daughter and a son.
AC: He is survived by wife , a daughter and a son .

BC: Yes, for immorality is by far the leading cause for disfellowshipping among Gods people.
AC: Yes , for immorality is by far the leading cause for disfellowshipping among Gods people .

BC: Pictures from the wedding did the rounds on social media.
AC: Pictures from the wedding did the rounds on social media .

BC: The logo of the title and look of the film was released recently.
AC: The logo of the title and look of the film was released recently .

BC: PM's speech in Ayodhya
AC: PM 's speech in Ayodhya

BC: """We want to offer a stable government in Maharashtra and we will continue our efforts,"" he added"
AC: " " " We want to offer a stable government in Maharashtra and we will continue our efforts , " " he added "

BC: The Congress is leading in Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Chhattisgarh.
AC: The Congress is leading in Madhya Pradesh , Rajasthan and Chhattisgarh .

BC: Aries: Income will increase.
AC: Aries : Income will increase .

BC: The US-India Strategic Partnership Forum (USISPF) is a non-profit organization that works for the partnership between India and the U.S.
AC: The US-India Strategic Partnership Forum ( USISPF ) is a non-profit organization that works for the partnership between India and the U.S.

BC: This video has left fans in splits.
AC: This video has left fans in splits .

BC: Her support has an enormous impact on the museums ability to study and display art from every corner of the world.
AC: Her support has an enormous impact on the museums ability to study and display art from every corner of the world .

BC: Modi and Amit Shah are in permanent campaign mode.
AC: Modi and Amit Shah are in permanent campaign mode .

BC: No one cares of them.
AC: No one cares of them .

BC: NDRF teams are removing road blockage.
AC: NDRF teams are removing road blockage .

BC: Is investing in mutual funds a better option?
AC: Is investing in mutual funds a better option ?

BC: Police have registered a case and initiated an inquiry.
AC: Police have registered a case and initiated an inquiry .

BC: Every person is unique.
AC: Every person is unique .

BC: Kumarawasmy said in a press conference after the ceremony that his Congress-JD(S) coalition government will work better than a single party government.
AC: Kumarawasmy said in a press conference after the ceremony that his Congress-JD ( S ) coalition government will work better than a single party government .

BC: The review by the PM took note of the extraordinary coming together of academia, industry and government, combined with speedy but efficient regulatory process.
AC: The review by the PM took note of the extraordinary coming together of academia , industry and government , combined with speedy but efficient regulatory process .

BC: The film is directed by KS Ravindra.
AC: The film is directed by KS Ravindra .

BC: Nobody knows.
AC: Nobody knows .

BC: She was the first-ever woman CM of Delhi.
AC: She was the first-ever woman CM of Delhi .

BC: NorthEast United FC: Subrata Paul, TP Rehenesh, Wellington Gomes, Salam Ranjan Singh, Nirmal Chettri, Shouvik Ghosh, Robin Gurung, Reagan Singh, Mailson Alves, Gustavo Lazzaretti, Didier Zokora, Fanai Lalrempuia, Holicharan Narzary, Jerry Mawihmingthanga, Katsumi Yusa, Koffi Christian Ndri, Lallianzuala Chhangte, Rowllin Borges, Seityasen Singh, Wellington Priori, Romaric, Emiliano Alfaro, Nicolas Velez, Sasha Aneff, Robert Cullen, Sumeet Passi
AC: NorthEast United FC : Subrata Paul , TP Rehenesh , Wellington Gomes , Salam Ranjan Singh , Nirmal Chettri , Shouvik Ghosh , Robin Gurung , Reagan Singh , Mailson Alves , Gustavo Lazzaretti , Didier Zokora , Fanai Lalrempuia , Holicharan Narzary , Jerry Mawihmingthanga , Katsumi Yusa , Koffi Christian Ndri , Lallianzuala Chhangte , Rowllin Borges , Seityasen Singh , Wellington Priori , Romaric , Emiliano Alfaro , Nicolas Velez , Sasha Aneff , Robert Cullen , Sumeet Passi

BC: Who will live in it?
AC: Who will live in it ?

BC: Thats what I have learned.
AC: Thats what I have learned .

BC: They barged into his house.
AC: They barged into his house .

BC: Its time indeed!
AC: Its time indeed !

BC: Sangma said in a statement.
AC: Sangma said in a statement .

BC: child health.
AC: child health .

BC: This can lead to many complications.
AC: This can lead to many complications .

BC: Are both parties be ready for that?
AC: Are both parties be ready for that ?

BC: she posted on Instagram.
AC: she posted on Instagram .

BC: Two AAP MLAs were arrested in connection with this case.
AC: Two AAP MLAs were arrested in connection with this case .

BC: As many as 16 candidates are fray from Bhubaneswar Lok Sabha constituency.
AC: As many as 16 candidates are fray from Bhubaneswar Lok Sabha constituency .

BC: Naga Chaitanya Akkineni and Anu Emmanuel have paired up for this movie.
AC: Naga Chaitanya Akkineni and Anu Emmanuel have paired up for this movie .

BC: In his resignation letter,...
AC: In his resignation letter , ...

BC: Pumpkin seeds: The seeds are rich in iron, Vitamin K, zinc and manganese.
AC: Pumpkin seeds : The seeds are rich in iron , Vitamin K , zinc and manganese .

BC: How will this stalemate end?
AC: How will this stalemate end ?

BC: From tomorrow, the Nizamabad police commissionarate jurisdiction would be under Sec 144 for five days
AC: From tomorrow , the Nizamabad police commissionarate jurisdiction would be under Sec 144 for five days

BC: Ajit Pawar is the deputy chief minister.
AC: Ajit Pawar is the deputy chief minister .

BC: But whos losing?
AC: But whos losing ?

BC: The Sony Corp headquarters stands in Tokyo, Japan.
AC: The Sony Corp headquarters stands in Tokyo , Japan .

BC: It is called Vamshavati in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
AC: It is called Vamshavati in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .

BC: Always smiling.
AC: Always smiling .

BC: It seems so.
AC: It seems so .

BC: She has recently joined the BJP from the Congress.
AC: She has recently joined the BJP from the Congress .

BC: Ahead of its launch in the Indian market, Car King/YouTube has spotted the Renault Kiger arriving at company dealerships
AC: Ahead of its launch in the Indian market , Car King / YouTube has spotted the Renault Kiger arriving at company dealerships

BC: But I am dealing with it.
AC: But I am dealing with it .

BC: Brenda and Robin confront her.
AC: Brenda and Robin confront her .

BC: Consider the attitude of 14 - year - old Yvonne, who suffers from spina bifida and cerebral palsy.
AC: Consider the attitude of 14 - year - old Yvonne , who suffers from spina bifida and cerebral palsy .

BC: What you heard is correct.
AC: What you heard is correct .

BC: He slogged hard.
AC: He slogged hard .

BC: The L.B.Nagar police have booked a case against Raviprakash, the CEO of Telugu TV news channel TV 9 , in connection with the airing abusive comments on Telangana MLAs.
AC: The L.B.Nagar police have booked a case against Raviprakash , the CEO of Telugu TV news channel TV 9 , in connection with the airing abusive comments on Telangana MLAs .

BC: Besides sessions on fitness-related issues, guidelines of the Ministry of Ayush on ways to build immunity and stay healthy during this time will also be shared with students. Commencing from 15th April 2020 at 9:30 am, students can easily get access to these live sessions on the Facebook and Instagram handles of Fit India Movement and CBSE.
AC: Besides sessions on fitness-related issues , guidelines of the Ministry of Ayush on ways to build immunity and stay healthy during this time will also be shared with students . Commencing from 15th April 2020 at 9 : 30 am , students can easily get access to these live sessions on the Facebook and Instagram handles of Fit India Movement and CBSE .

BC: The South Central Railway zone of the Indian Railways administers this train.
AC: The South Central Railway zone of the Indian Railways administers this train .

BC: It is a crime thriller.
AC: It is a crime thriller .

BC: It is the duty of public representatives and officials to resolve the problems faced by the public.
AC: It is the duty of public representatives and officials to resolve the problems faced by the public .

BC: I have four children with him.
AC: I have four children with him .

BC: A call centre would be set up at the Chief Minister`s Office (CMO) to address the corruption charges.
AC: A call centre would be set up at the Chief Minister 's Office ( CMO ) to address the corruption charges .

BC: First woman Prime Minister of India Indira Gandhi was also the only woman finance minister in the history of India.
AC: First woman Prime Minister of India Indira Gandhi was also the only woman finance minister in the history of India .

BC: Dont block any emotions.
AC: Dont block any emotions .

BC: The police reached the spot and shifted the bodies to a hospital for post-mortem.
AC: The police reached the spot and shifted the bodies to a hospital for post-mortem .

BC: Directed and written by Vignesh Shivan, the film also stars Nayanthara and Vijay Sethupathi in the lead roles.
AC: Directed and written by Vignesh Shivan , the film also stars Nayanthara and Vijay Sethupathi in the lead roles .

BC: The Hindu-Muslim dispute is not serious.
AC: The Hindu-Muslim dispute is not serious .

BC: The National Md has also been held here in the past.
AC: The National Md has also been held here in the past .

BC: People trusted the TRS.
AC: People trusted the TRS .

BC: Don't repeat the mistake
AC: Don 't repeat the mistake

BC: Eager to know more?
AC: Eager to know more ?

BC: It was very difficult to establish a disposal site and so what they eventually did is found a site where open disposal was not possible, but it was determined that the sediment would be cleaned and the clean material would be used as a commercial filler for parking lots or other, other uses.
AC: It was very difficult to establish a disposal site and so what they eventually did is found a site where open disposal was not possible , but it was determined that the sediment would be cleaned and the clean material would be used as a commercial filler for parking lots or other , other uses .

BC: Telangana Congress working president Revanth Reddy.
AC: Telangana Congress working president Revanth Reddy .

BC: Crops of paddy, papaya, maize, coconut, mango and banana were damaged due to the impact.
AC: Crops of paddy , papaya , maize , coconut , mango and banana were damaged due to the impact .

BC: The police were making efforts to arrest them.
AC: The police were making efforts to arrest them .

BC: Apart from Modi Home Minister Rajnath Singh had also attended the conference.
AC: Apart from Modi Home Minister Rajnath Singh had also attended the conference .

BC: This has further strained bilateral relations between the two countries.
AC: This has further strained bilateral relations between the two countries .

BC: But the BJP is different.
AC: But the BJP is different .

BC: Mankading MS Dhoni?
AC: Mankading MS Dhoni ?

BC: In the chase, Sachin Tendulkar and Virender Sehwag opened the batting for India and added 83 runs for the first wicket in 10.2 overs.
AC: In the chase , Sachin Tendulkar and Virender Sehwag opened the batting for India and added 83 runs for the first wicket in 10.2 overs .

BC: Its a wonderful feeling.
AC: Its a wonderful feeling .

BC: They are Indians.
AC: They are Indians .

BC: Police said the other man sustained minor injuries.
AC: Police said the other man sustained minor injuries .

BC: She participated in the Civil disobedience movement initiated by Mahatma Gandhi and was incarcerated, the first of the several imprisonments she endured during the Indian freedom movement.
AC: She participated in the Civil disobedience movement initiated by Mahatma Gandhi and was incarcerated , the first of the several imprisonments she endured during the Indian freedom movement .

BC: Immediately prior to the famine the population was recorded as 8.2 million by the 1841 census.
AC: Immediately prior to the famine the population was recorded as 8.2 million by the 1841 census .

BC: Thats the question.
AC: Thats the question .

BC: The number of cars has increased.
AC: The number of cars has increased .

BC: Chop into small pieces.
AC: Chop into small pieces .

BC: The Geologic Time Scale.
AC: The Geologic Time Scale .

BC: Kerala has been devastated by the floods.
AC: Kerala has been devastated by the floods .

BC: He started shouting.
AC: He started shouting .

BC: It is helpful in reducing weight.
AC: It is helpful in reducing weight .

BC: He said that the land, water, electricity, and skilled manpower will be provided to the industries.
AC: He said that the land , water , electricity , and skilled manpower will be provided to the industries .

